### Date of the meeting: June 25, 2019

_**Call Time**: 17pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 10:00, Thessaloniki Tue 20:00, Melbourne, Wed 03:00)
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees
- Chair: Christina Koch
- Note-taker(s): Sarah Stevens
- Sateesh Peri
- Jessica Upani
- Sarah Stevens
- Bianca Peterson
- Ouso

### Apologies
- Aleks Nenadic
- Silvia (CarpentryCon Manchester)
- Marco

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - New Members
  - Committee Updates (written, to read)
  - Business of the Week
      - Venue
      - Theme
      - Timing
  - Planning
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### New members

* Sateesh: Shaily would like to join, requested to be in program subcommittee, also hear there are a couple of new members from the South African team
* Bianca: Preivously Andrew asked if he could also join because he has a lot of expereience organizing (intrenational) conferences, knows the venues and the areas well.  Malvika said to wait on venue choice and add them if we choose that venue.  Should we add folks anywhere in the world regardless of if we choose the venue near by.
* Fotis: I think we should take help from anyone who offers it.
* Bianca: Some of us might get busy and it would be nice to have extra members to pick up the slack.  The more the better.  Though we don't want too big and have that be an issue.
* Fotis: If we want to involve someone from the venue, then we should add them after the venue is chosen.  We want as much help as we can globally but there may be a conflict of interest to add someone from a specific venue while we are choosing venue.  Too many people might lead to diffusion of responsibility issue.

#### Committee Updates

Please read these when you have time.

- Communication
    - Starting to put together a blog post for when we announce theme/venue
- Website
    - Aleks: Website/outreach committee has finalised the first version of 2020 website (https://carpentrycon.github.io/carpentrycon2020/) and the new CarpentryCon landing page (https://carpentrycon.github.io/carpentrycon.org/ ), which are both now production ready. I have contacted François Michonneau on Monday17th June to perform the DN switch (2020.carpentrycon.org to point to the former, carpentrycon.org to point to the latter and 2018.carpentrycon.org to point to the last year's site).  
- Budget
    - each sub-committee should designate a contact person to communicate with the budget sub-committee about their sub-committee's budget/business related activities. 
    - Elizabeth can organise to charge expenses directly, so that people do not need to pay for things then be reimbursed.
    - Have an estimate of the expected expenses from all the subcommittees to be added to the budget.
    - Request for catering costs for each venue before committing to a venue.
- Program
    - Nothing to report
- Accessibility
    - Nothing to report

#### Business of the Week

**Venue decision and remaining details**

* Recap: Past few cctf meetings we've discussed this, Christina proposed template for weighting criteria, we weighted them, had meeting last week to weight each criteria.  Highest weighted critera was access to the country - visa concerns.  Based on all of the weights.  The process favored the two South african entries.  Left off with Bianca doing some research into pros/cons of the two venues proposed.  Also communciation subcommittee is working on blog post annoucement of the venue.
* Bianca: Updates - Spoke with Sandra williams who submitted the bid. UWC library, has breakout rooms in the library which hold aobut 10-15, tutorial breakout rooms next door which hold more.  Distance from library to auditorum - in basement of the library, holds 300 people.  Also has main hall which can hold ~1k folks. Kind of like a quad, library, main buildings, cafeteria, something else??.  Doesn't know price of the venue per day yet.  Said she would contact the the relevent people for that, complications with parking.  There is a daycare on campus, run by a private company. Not sure if that will be open or closed, depending on the dates.  If we pick the uni, we need to think carefully about the date, good times sept 19-28 or dec 3rd onwards (long recess), parking avialable, hostels/dorms on campus.  If not during those dates we will need to find a different acommindations. But daycare might be closed and need to figure that out.  Parking cost is still in progress.  Uni is in countryside.  Not close to restaurants or other stuff.  When you are there for cc, you will just be there.
* Alt: Capetown Lodge - has accomidation on site, but near by other things, resturant, tourism, etc. Bianca still following up on this.  There are childcare facilities.  Close to airport (so is uni). Accomidation similar between two bids. Downside capacity for auditorium is 200.
* Asked Anelda's opinion since she has been to both - she highly recommends Capetown lodge.

* Biggest open question: Cost? - Capetown lodge ~ $4880 USD/day (for 200 people?, Binaca checking..) , UWC ?? (waiting for feedback from Sandra Williams

* Jessica: Is campus accommodation also available in September? I'm assuming that since it's a short recess, students won't move out of the hostel. - No?

* Sateesh: How many do we expect for cc2020. 
* Bianca - 200-250
* 120 at cc2018

* Jessica: Do we have catering cost at the university venue?  Bianca - No, we would have to do that separately but it shouldn't be a problem. Christina - maybe we should factor this into the cost as well. 
* Elizabeth: Captown lodge - do we have options about which caterers? If not, we should factor in the cost.  Bianca - they don't allow outside catering but are flexible about dietary restrictions.  Elizabeth: we need to check into the cost as well since we will be required to use them
* Christina: looks like we need to look into total cost, catering cost, other major costs(transport from airport to venue, ). Bianca - We need to look at costs.

Christina: Can't make a decision today but what do we need to make this decision?

- Sateesh: Since we are choosing between two venues, we should put all the info together for these two venues into a single document and pick based on that.
- Ouso: +1 to what Sateesh said.   Still lacking cost information right?
- Christina: Cost and dates it seems.
- Ouso: Can we narrow down based on cost? Since we have all the other factors narrowed down without waiting two weeks
- Bianca: cost for UWC is a bit complicated, because we need to gather info from several people and get bids from caterers.  Info about cost for capetown lodge found here http://capetownlodge.co.za/conference/ . Looks like AV and other stuff (ADD HERE) included for $35 USD per day.  Wifi is also good here(?- think that is what I heard fix if not pls).

Strawpoll (Christina will contact the people who aren't here to get their thoughts as well) :

- Prefer Capetown Lodge +1 +1 +1 +1(cost aside) +1
- Either is fine - no strong preference
- Prefer UWC

In the mean time we will make the cost compareables.
- Cost from last year?  Elizabeth - total cost ~60k, venue ~3500 (got scholarship to use these venues for lower cost), catering ~ 11k(not sure here).  Raising money was a real challenge from last year's conference.  At what point does difference in cost mean we should change our thoughts about cost.  If both will meet our criteria for a *good*/suitable venue then we should try to reduce costs.
- Christina: Seems like both are actually feasible.  Bianca: Difficult to tell from the original bids but helped to talk to them.  I'll be visiting Capetown next week and can check out the UWC venue. 
- Christina: Some of the costs were covered by conference fees last time, if they stay the same amount how much money is that.  Bianca: 15k, Elizabeth: Balancing game where we can go about it in several ways, use registration costs (deciding what we want them to be), base the venue based on that.  Or opposite and up the registration fee based on the venue we choose.  Budget committee to meet next week.

- Christina; have preferences but need to look into costs and compare with what we know about the budget from last time.  Follow-up steps: Christina will contact people who aren't here to get opitions, need to put together costs, and have budget committee thoughts.  How did we make this decision last time, Fotis?
- Fotis: Didn't have two from the same place last time.
- Christina; See how numbers turn out and then solve last decision makeing later.

**Selecting a date and length of time**

Breaks around the world: 

* Aus/NZ: Classes Feb-June, two week break, then classes July-Dec; Break in Jan
* S. Africa: Break in June, September 19 - 28 or December 3 onward; 
* Europe: break in August
* S. America: 
* N. America: Break June - August, late December/early Jan

- Time may matter more for UWC, based on their session schedule.
- Looks like based on school breaks, there is no time that works for all school schedules
- Does seem like most have june break but this might not line up for all.
- Late Dec/early Jan is the other time that most people are on break.
- Thoughts/ Suggestions/ Opinions?
- Ouso: Foremost is that we want to keep it in 2020, which leaves us with Dec.  Which is a complicated month, high prices and holidays.  Dec is tricky.  Perhaps we need to look at other options still. 
- Bianca: Seems like many countries have break in Aug.  Aug would be great month but would have to go with Capetown lodge, because UWC will be busy with classes.  Have to look at dates and venues together.
- Elizabeth: would sept be a bad time? Christina: personally sept would be fine, in North american this would only be bad for faculty but for others would be fine as there is more flexiblity.  Sept and timing with the UWC break would be feasible. Bianca: Spring starts in sept so it won't be too hot yet, aug might be a bit chilly. 
- Venue considerations but maybe Sept/Aug/June is what we are thinking.
- Capetown lodge, is there a cheaper season? might be worth asking

**Discuss Theme poll results & finalize**

- Recap: There were 8 theme bids that we put together on etherpad and took the top 5, bianca made poll, we voted, malvika had some suggestions, so we added them too but we haven't discussed the results yet. 
- Results: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Bf1BYwA-ZR2fFvS1tszebcstFAAYbh2cyz_pcIzRc5Q/edit?usp=sharing    
- Ouso: what additions where Malvika's? - last 4 are from malvika
- Lower number better.

- Christina: Who is in charge of the theme?  Which committee should take this on?  Program or Content?  Bianca says she will?? but maybe we should have someone else since Bianca is doing other stuff with venue and has project due soon.
- Action item: Someone else from program will look through these and ??sorry missed this my computer tried to make me take a break??
- Sateesh: can we include this in one email the cctf, we are choosing between two SA venues, and you need to vote on themes.  Christina will do this.
- Ouso: suggestion remove suggestion option from poll - general agreement on this point. (sarah will do this)
- Christina; what we pick as our theme is in someway describing what people are getting out of the conference, before we finalize we shoud discuss what this means for the conference.

#### D. Planning

- Posting of TF minutes
- Clarification of subcommittee roles  (postponed)
- Select taskforce co-chairs  (postponed)
for the whole taskforce, we said we would come back to this at some point
may not need to be this week if we don't have time but I'm putting it here as a reminder

- in the next meeting or following: have meeting checking in with subcommittees and planning goals

### Action points

- Sateesh: write taskforce onboarding document (e.g. add member to mailing list, add to website, get involved with at least 1 sub-committee, etc.)
- Bianca: get details of costs for CTL and UWC!!!
- Bianca: recirculate theme poll
- Christina: contact people who were absent - preference for venue
- Chiristina: will email with updates about Venue and theme decisions
- Christina: Send out minutes
- Christina: will follow up with subcommittees about goals and next steps

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for July 9, 2019

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
