### Date of the meeting: 2019-03-19

_**Call Time**: 18:00 UTC - _[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=Carpentries+Discussion+Session&iso=20190319T18&p1=%3A)_.

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees 
- Ana Costa Conrado    
- Sateesh peri
- Mark Laufersweiler
- Anne Fouilloux
- Serha Rono
- Ouso
- Fotis Psomopoulos
- Aleks Nenadic

### Apologies
- Bianca (on holidays)
- Sarah Stevens

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
 
- feedbacks/suggestions from the Community:
    - Venue and theme suggestions
    - Sponsporship form
- Organizing documents and folders 
- Web update 
- AOB    
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### Feedbacks/suggestions from the two Carpentries Conversation Call

##### Venue bid

The community discussed about the criteria for selecting the Venue:
- needs to be transparent and well communicated 

The community suggested to add a question to the venue bid about measures to reduce environmtal impact of the conference
- Another suggestion was to think about measures we could also take such as selling reusable bootles
- Greener Carpentry2020 event: How to lower our environmental impact during CarpentryCon? 

The community suggested to add a question to venue bid. However, this criteria should not have the same weight as other criteria such as
accessibility, cost and location. . . a fourth was "boots on ground" <-- boots on the ground turned out to be really valuable

##### Theme bid

We got a clear message from the Community:
- accessibility is very important 

Whatever theme bid is chosen this is something we need to keep in mind. 

##### Sponsorship

Several inputs from the community:
- make sponsorship more accessible
- possible to offer travel grants or other forms of participation
- Should be discussed during the next CCTF meeting in April


#### Organizing documents and folders

Aleks gave us some information on what she had done to re-organize CarpentryCon 2020 documents and folders:

1. "CarpentryCon 2020" google drive folder is at: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1RfAi8rqGFP5jmlGlnFI0Oa3oXpvz5KJo 
2. We want to move venue bid and theme suggestion forms (from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1y3n0CsqZAzUiS4J4T0uRipn3EkV0iP8h) 
and other bits scattered around people's personal drives there too. 
3. Aleks has created a spreadsheet inside the "CarpentryCon 2020" Google drive folder from 1 for TF members to put their 
contact/github/gmail/slack details (and anything else that we may need): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gQaUkwGKU-5tiqcByrHPis9Jj-U8Qvfq1sSuZPxRGtQ/edit#gid=0
4. There is also a "Sponsorship" folder inside "CarpentryCon 2020" too, where will start putting documents related to sponsors,
who chases who, etc.

We all agreed to move all our documents to the CarpentryCon 2020 google drive folder (see list of actions).

#### Website update 

- Website has been moved to CarpentryCon github organization: https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2020
- Aleks & Anne have given updates on the website and based on the feedback fron the Carpentries Conversation and further discussion. 
- Discuss about which information to add on the website about the Carpentries and whether adding some figures/statistics i.e. gender,
      geographical area, etc. can help for sponsorship.
- Information at  https://carpentries.org/blog/2018/06/programmatic-assessment/ and https://github.com/carpentries/assessment
- we all agreed to have:
    - one landing page with a new image 
    - links to venue, theme bids and information on sponsorship
    - Aleks & Anne have created a few [issues](https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2020/issues) accordingly and we invite all the Web Team members to contribute (see Actions)
    
#### AOB

- Sateesh: Can we accept new members to the CarpentryCon task force: we all agreed that being able to commit sufficient time is the criteria to accept new contribution. 
In addition, having new members from under-represented regions can help us to be more inclusive. 
- Serha was invited to present herself and we all welcomed her!

#### Action points


- Aleks: investigate what/how to add some info/graphs about the previous CarpentryCon 2018 (statistics such as gender, geographical areas, etc.).
- Anne: send a message by email and slack to the Web Team to help updating the CarpentryCon 2020 website (see issues)
- all: add your details to the spreadsheet in the CarpentryCon2020 google drive:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gQaUkwGKU-5tiqcByrHPis9Jj-U8Qvfq1sSuZPxRGtQ/edit#gid=0
- all: request access to https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1RfAi8rqGFP5jmlGlnFI0Oa3oXpvz5KJo if you don't have it yet.
- Bianca, Malvika, Sarah: move all CarpentryCon 2020 documents to CarpentryCon 2020 google drive (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1RfAi8rqGFP5jmlGlnFI0Oa3oXpvz5KJo)
- ?: Update venue bid with a new question on measures to reduce environmental impacts of the conference.
- Anne: send a message to get a chair for next CCTF 
- Anne: meeting minutes

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for April 2nd, 18:00 UTC 
We need a new chair for next meeting (see action point).
Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
