### Date of the meeting: May 14th, 2019

_**Call Time**: 17pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 10:00, Thessaloniki Tue 20:00, Melbourne, Wed 03:00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpCon2020+TF+Meeting+%2310&iso=20190514T20&p1=170&ah=1&am=30_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees
- Sarah Stevens
- Ouso - running a little late
- Silvia 
- Serah
- Bianca
- Sher!
- Ana
- Jessica

### Apologies
- Anne
- Mina
- Marco

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
- Website and Outreach Report out
    + Website review + Going live w/website - https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2020
    + Proposing using Github issues for sub-committees, need permissions, labels, and teams - https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon
- Communications Report out
    + Email template asking for bids (please send out to individuals you think might be interested in applying) - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WRn0OewMUYnEsZf1Y5MUssOuxKsI5csdzga_Zm4keps/edit
- Sponsorship
- Venue Bids (https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12i-7JS3TC8PT03Ptu0GsJXaBGreTAfulm4IVWEsB3nE/)


### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### Website and Outreach Report out

- Please review the website and put issues in the Website GitHub repo: https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2020 
- Trying to figure out how to take ownership of carpentrycon.org / Switch 2020 CarpentryCon to the main url . 
- Sub-committees should place issues on the CC GitHub repo: https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon . 
    + Currently CC2020 team with 5 people; Serah will add anyone else who needs to be added . 
    + The idea is to add sub-committee teams so that a specific sub-committee can be notified of issues, e.g @CC2020-communications team can be notified of any communications-related issues (by creating issue on GitHub); this will allow sub-committees to work asynchronously . 
    + Fotis: Last time, somebody from The Carpentries gave a few people permissions to do pull requests on the repo; not sure who gave permissions; mostly Fotis, Malvika, Mark and Carpentries staff (Belinda, Tracey, Serah); did not need to change ownership or create teams;  
        -Forgot to mention. We had a policy/practice for PRs: the one who did the PR should tag the person to review and merge. So basically, we were happy if there was just one "+1" content-wise.  
- The Website and Outreach subcommittee will be meeting the 2nd Friday of every month . 
        
        
#### Communications Report out

- Email body template and venue bid form links above; everyone on the TF can use it to reach out to potential people that might be interested
    
#### Sponsorship

- Sher! will update documents with things that were discussed in past two meetings.
- The next meeting Sher will present the updated material from the Sponsorship.
- Currently, not high priority until the date and location is in order. 
    
#### Venue bids

- We have 3 bids; Sarah will be putting in a bid as well; new deadline for venue bids not yet settled in last call;  
- Serah will put announcement out in newsletter on 28th of May - suggest to move deadline to May 29th/30th
- Emails should get more responses than tweets, etc. on social media; suggest that deadline should be 4th of June, then TF has one week to review bids in order to discuss it at the meeting on the 11th
- Sher! suggested **May 31st (Friday) - OFFICIAL DEADLINE!**
- Use email body and bid form link:
    + Email body: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WRn0OewMUYnEsZf1Y5MUssOuxKsI5csdzga_Zm4keps/edit>
    + Bid form: <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12i-7JS3TC8PT03Ptu0GsJXaBGreTAfulm4IVWEsB3nE/>
        
#### Program sub-committee

- Slack channel has been created, but to accommodate Mina, we will be working asynchronously via email.
    + Mina is not able to do Slack due to country restrictions.
- The sub-committee will meet in the next 2 weeks and compile a rough program outline to be presented at the next TF meeting.
        
#### Others

- If your sub-committee has not yet met, be sure to contact the co-chairs and set up a meeting
- Has the Content Development sub-committee discussed the theme yet? No.
- Try your best to try and attend the meetings, read the minutes and pay attention to action items.
- Once the date and venue for CC2020 is set, we should hit the ground running.
- TF is quite big, but attendance has not been too great.


### Action points

 - **Everyone** - Send your github id to Serah - slack or email
 - **Everyone** - Customize and send the email template asking people to submit bids - Deadline May 31st
 - ~Sarah - Put minutes for this meeting together~
 - **Committee co-chairs** - find a time to meet with your subcommittee

### Next call

_Next Call (TF Meeting #11) : May 28th, 2019
17pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 10:00, Thessaloniki Tue 20:00, Melbourne, Wed 03:00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpCon2020+TF+Meeting+%2311&iso=20190528T20&p1=170&ah=1&am=30_


Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
