

# Date of the meeting: Tuesday, Oct 29th, 2019 (meeting #22)

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_ - _[to local time](https://bit.ly/2qyzpRx)_.

Connection info: virtual via [CarpentryZOOM](https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt)

## Attendees

1. Ouso (Chairing)
2. Cody Hennesy (Notes taker)
3. Mina
4. Anne
5. Alek, Fotis & Sher! - Joined 1hr late (time change confusion)
6. Bianca
7. Jessica
8. Marco

## Apologies:

1. Sarah Stevens
2. Christina Koch
3. (also Jesse, our note-taker)
4. Silvia (sorry last minute problem)
5. Marco (very sorry, but I can not make it today)

## Agenda Notes:

### Community Call --> https://pad.carpentries.org/CC2020-communitycall-agenda
- Blog post and Twitter up this morning, going out in tomorrow's newsletter about the comm call. Will also go out on Slack, LinkedIn and Topic box.
- Breakout questions from SCs (depends on number of attendees, best to have fewer questions)
>What sessions would you like to see at CarpentryCon2020? 
What sessions would you like to present at CarpentryCon2020? 
>Should we keep posters in the schedule?
- Times: Wed, Nov 6 
>**[7am EST; Noon GMT/UTC](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon+2020+Update+Community+Call+1&iso=20191106T12&p1=1440)**
**[3pm EST; 8pm GMT/UTC](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon+2020+Update+Community+Call+2&iso=20191106T20&p1=%3A)** - to capture global community, especially west coast and Australia
- **Agenda**
	+ Draft agenda is on the CC etherpad - it's quite full. Will focus on asking questions
	+ Will discuss whether or not to include poster sessions.
- Still need to add calls to action: accessibility form (will launch Nov 8)
- Poll for TF member attendance Nov 6 community calls:
	+ 7am (EST): 
> Sarah Stevens can attend this one but a co-host would be really great since it is pretty early for me.
	- 3pm (EST): 
> Cody can take notes; Elizabeth can attend this one!
- Decide on which session will be recorded? 
> It's a good way to get the word out; it's possible for attendees to turn their video off and chat their commentsn if they are not comfortable to be recorded.

## Timeline Review
- Sher! shared a [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3MxoVUEk0HJu8X6qaeWGpbmYmm48Da1JVdE0u32MmY/edit#heading=h.nr5jtuct852); SCs and all of TF to review for viability, clarifications etc 
	+ Monday, end of day, Nov 4:
	+ Feedback needed on: if the tasks are feasible, if there's anything missing, if they need more help.
 - We need to remind people to update the subcommittee membership (Anne will do this)
- Identify which tasks are dependent upon each other
- Once it's done, it will be added to Asana
- Pick date to close
> Keynote form: plenty of suggestions have come in already (24), so we can close it now. Serah closed this form.
Session form: close it after the community call, to solicit more proposals. **Proposed to be closed on Friday, Nov 15.**

## Sub-committee Updates:
### Communications/Content
- Recently merged Communications and Content - still figuring out a good meeting time for all
- **Final decision on hashtag: #CarpentryCon2020Madison** members are asked to use the hashtag going forward.
- **In preparation:** blog about "how to write session proposals" - this should be out before the Community call, Monday ideally
- **[Spreadsheet for Comms messages](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16fdEfFspydCOrYDmw-CYehGynGlcYxaQOhFkqbQjKVM/edit#gid=0)** 
### Accessibility
- Working on financial aid application
- Serah proposed that they need to put out a message (probably within the form) on: "for anyone planning to attend, let us know your needs" (e.g., dietary, childcare, accessibility)
### Local Hosts
- Straw poll: for the dorm housing contract, include breakfast? I think this would be a dining hall style breakfast. 
**Yes:**  +1
**No:** 
> Question for the Local hosts group regarding straw poll: what are the alternative dining options nearby? Cost? 
**Ans:** 
There are other places for breakfast.  
The dining hall is likely the most affordable (~$7/day) for breakfast but there are a variety of places and prices.  
The other food options are mostly in the opposite direction of the confernence venue from the dorm but are within about a half mile.

### Budget
- Please see [Sponsors suggestions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ILfCFXUwcG5vWeHFWdcUv5syIbKS8zHVlxMZd9zFupc/edit#gid=0) and add/remove sponsors accordingly
- The sponsrship model was approved and forwarded for website-posting with an accompanying blog
### Web/Outreach
- New website is nearly [ready](https://carpentries.github.io/cc2020/); waiting for a few issues - should be up next week.
- Need to confirm subcommittee memberships: we still want to people to add their names on the [Etherpad](https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce) under Meeting #21
- Need to confirm some important dates still (Aleks is working on it) - they're currently placeholder dates for some CFP timeline items
## Upcoming priorities
### Accessibility
- Finalising FinAid Process and application form
### Budget
- Come up with a verbiage for SCs to share 
- Publish the blogpost for Sponsors 
### Communications/Content
- Push Blog post
### Programs
- Send out a poll to help with decision on Poster/Lighting
- Finalise keynote Rubric and 
### Website/Outreach
- See trhough the transition from old to new website
- Get up to date subcommittee members  (updates to be done the [pad](https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce) where this was initiated)
- Get the Sponorship model on the website
    
    
## Action points:
- **Serah:** will look into call to action for Accessibility form
- **Everyone:** TF members should add their names to the poll for Community Calls on the TF etherpad or/and respond to an **email prompt from Ouso**
- **Everyone/Subcommittees:** should look at the **Timeline Review by Monday, Nov 4.**
- **Anne:** will email to remind everyone to update subcommittee membership lists
- **Ouso:** will follow up with Bianca about the rubric for keynote speakers
- **Ouso:** send out an email to remind SCs to share community call breakout questions


###**_From Christina's follow-up email to our last meeting:_**
> Optional recommendation if you have 10 free minutes: 
- Make a list of 4-5 people in the Carpentries that you know/respect/admire. 
- Write them a short email about something they do well, asking them to consider proposing a session at CarpentryCon and link the form. 
### _For example, I might write to Sarah S.:_
_Hi Sarah, I've always admired your ability to connect people together and I know you've started several different community groups at UW Madison. Would you be willing to share at Carpentry Con about your experience in organizing science and programming study groups?_ 



## Next call

**_TBC!_**

## Reference Etherpad

_**[CarpCon2020TFPad](https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce)**_