
### Date of the meeting #15: July 23rd, 2019
_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attending:
     
Chair: Ouso
Note-taker(s): Christina & Bianca
- Sateesh
- Aleks (will try to join, clashes with my childcare duties :-()
- Silvia 
- Christina K.
- Sarah Stevens (have to leave at the hour)
- Bianca
- Tracy
- Kari L. Jordan

### Apologies:
    
- Serah

### Agenda:
    
- Venue
- Theme
- Budget
- Dates
- Recommiting & TF chair
- Updates - sub-comms
- Onboarding new TF members (Sateesh)


### Minutes:

- Announcement from Tracy: 
  - check your email (about venue / theme)
  - After talking to peers/financial folks, expressed strong recommendation for a University partner for conference (insurance / legal implications / funding)
  - Proposal: plan for two locations
    - Madison, Wisconsin 2020
    - South Africa 2021 (or 2020?) - Work with Juan Steyn from NWU (SADiLaR Project Manager) - Library
  - Rotate venues annually

- Questions: 
  - Christina: Why do we have to partner with universities? 
Tracy: local context, like tax law, insurance, etc. We can pay an academic institute and then they can do payments; excludes problems with currencies. It's hard to pay people directly if they're out of the US (because that's where the Carpentries fiscal sponsor is located). 
  - Bianca suggests that we partner with a different university than UWC (not a great location), so perhaps we can use the next year to form relationships to get bids from other universities in ZA
  - Sateesh loves the idea of having a yearly CarpentryCon, we want to go to all the places! Some guidlines around what the institutions need to do/ are preferred to have to host a CarpentryCon. That way we can get back to the people who have submitted bids so that we can let them know we are doing this yearly and what we are looking for in bids in the future.
  - Tracy: be honest about where we are and what our fiscal sponsor can support
  - Tracy: the other thing is CarpentryConnects. With some guidlines and reports back now that we have held a few, this is a great way to organise a local(ish) event that is open to the community, but happens regionally and maybe doesn't involve the whole global community.
  - Sateesh: will the same TF be organising CC2020 and CC2021?
  - Marco: I have some concerns. CarpentryCon = international event to allow instructors to meet in person. If there is one every year, people might only attend the regional/local ones and not meet international instructors. Suggests that we still do this every 2 years.
  - Tracy: had a lot of travel funds since it was an international event. 
  - Tracy: make a timeline, have documentation, have templates to make things easier so that you don't start at zero every time
  - Tracy: would it affect your participation if it was annually? 
  - Christina: it's a change of mindset - you don't have to attend every CC. You can go to CConnect and maybe only attend 1 international CC. 
  - Aleks: have an annual event at their institute - as soon as one ends, planning for the next event starts. It will become a full-time job to organise CC if it is annually. In terms of staffing costs and engagements it makes sense to have CC every 2 years.
  - Tracy: consider a CC committee to be involved with planning every year, but have new TF members join to work on a particular location/year
  -Bianca: will sponsors stop giving for events if they happen every year, whereas it might be easier to get funding for a bi-annual event. 
  -Bianca: regarding announcing ZA for 2021, that sounds fine, there are great institutions in ZA. 
  -Tracy: we are not prepared to hold CC in ZA in 2020, but Wisconsin meets what we can do now. So we could do 2020 Wisconsin and ZA 2021 or 2022?Or push back the next CC until 2021. Thinking people are expecting a 2020 event, should we announce 2020 Wisconsin and ZA 2022?
  - Ouso: 200 people out of the whole community is small; having CC annually will allow more opportunities for community to attend. We should fast track the process and make sure annual conference arrangements are smooth.
  - Tracy: want to emphasise that CC will rotate and be at a new location every time (annually / bi-annually) - reason for co-announcing venue for CC2020 and CC2021/2.
  - June 29,30, July 1st CC2020 - Sarah: venue available on these dates, but later dates may be available (though dorms might not be available but other local acommidations are still possible)
  - Ouso: consider different holidays
  - Tracy: can't go earlier than May 2020 - need to have enough time to get sponsors and have time to re-submit visa applications if they don't go through the first time

- Theme:
    - Tracy: loved how the themes complimented each other; main idea is accessibility. Winner: Growing inclusive, computational communities and leaders
    - Tracy: have had several communications with sponsors
    - Christina: which goals/outcomes would you like to see from CC2020?
    - Tracy: Real focus on community leadership; connect people who are leading their local communities, help them share ideas and resources
- Goals from Tracy's email:
    Bring a diverse community of people together from around the world with a shared interest and passion for inclusive training and empowering people with digital skills
    Provide an opportunity for people to learn from each other in these areas
    Discuss the topics that the community, staff and Executive Council are working on for that year
    Present topics relevant to the community and the current strategic goals --> community leadership
    Reach a variety of communities
    Provide and create a meeting space that is accessible and inclusive to all --> keep communicating that we're concerned about issues like visas, etc. 
    Keep costs to meeting attendees low 
    Plan and run the meetings in a fiscally responsible way
    Comply with any fiscal or legal obligations --> best to have a local university partner site
 - Elizabeth: think about a snappy version of the theme - cool and fun for twitter :)  #ICCL
 
 
- Reference documents from previous CC: https://drive.google.com/open?id=162YhA2muNYEI_TvSLfPVuBar7AX0YspZ

- Dates: Christina: end of June? Silvia: September could work - everyone back from holidays
  - Sateesh: think about other conferences, e.g. PyCon(April 15-23, 2020), useR, SciPy (july 06-12)
  - Sarah: will have a look at other dates, but have to consider availability of dorms - later in summer dorms might be taken due to summer schools and sporting events
  - Elizabeth: if dorms are available and no bieg event is planned for those dates, then we can go ahead with announcement ASAP, otherwise we would have to postpone announcement
 
 - Budget:
     - With the change of venue, we can start putting together a draft budget; will estimate costs based on last year's budget; meeting biweakly at the moment; Elizabeth and Sher! working on sponsorship levels
     - We need to know venue + dates before we can sponsorships; only then can we decide on registration costs
     - Elizabeth: need to clear sponsorship benefits with sub-comms to make sure it aligns with goals

- SA:
    - 2021: +1 (Christina) +1(Silvia)+1 +1(Sateesh) +1 (Bianca)+1
    - 2022: +1 (Aleks) +1

- Schedule:
    - Ouso: we have been going slow and are behind schedule. Please work on action items and see them through or deligate them. Suggest: assign chair and co-chair
    - Sateesh: had to move and had trouble dedicating time - there will always be circumstances and we need to accommodate that
    - Elizabeth: sometimes you just need someone to make the decision. They are ready to support commity!
    - We decided that Ouso and Christina are awesome (they keep us on our feet) and we vote for them to lead the team!
    
- Onboarding new TF members (Sateesh):
    - Not sure whether Shaily would want to join the current TF with change of venue
    - Still think it is important to write guidelines for onboarding
    - What quorom should be available to accept new members?

#### Action items:
    - Comms? : Giving feedback to those who submitted bids -> Bianca will do a draft, Ouso will help, and Serah as welll :) + Sateesh
    - Finalize dates
    - Sarah: Need to communicate dates at the end of the week --> make sure to include link to sponsorship information, I will rewrite the blog post in the next couple days
    - Budget subcomm - write blog on sponsorship levels -> link to this from venue+theme announcement (blog)
    - Sarah: Checking into dorm availability for the dates.
    - Sarah: will rewrite blog for announcing venue (decided on 2021 for SA) - will distribute on social media 
    - Elizabeth: will draft sponsorship blog (Silvia will help) DELAYED
    - Bianca: investigate suitable venues for SA for 2021
    - Sateesh: prepare draft onboarding document and review at next meeting (Bianca will help)
    - Kari: support with announcements on social media, especially Facebook and LinkedIn
