

# Date of the meeting: Tuesday, October 1st, 2019 (meeting #20)

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_ - _[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CC2020+Meeting&iso=20191001T17&p1=1440)_.

Connection info: virtual via [CarpentryZOOM](https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt)

## Attendees

1. Christina (Chairing)
2. Aleks Nenadic
3. Elizabeth Wickes
4. Marco
5. Elizabeth Williams
6. Fotis Psomopoulos
7. Bianca Peterson
8. Sher!
9. Ouso (A bit late though)
10. Serah
11. Mina(Via pad)
12. Rohit Goswami
13. Gabriel
14. Anne (Very late...)
15. Jesse A Lambertson (Note taker-lambertson@uchicago.edu)

## Apologies:

1. Shaily Gandhi
2. Sarah Stevens (monthly meeting at this time)

## Agenda


### New member(s)

### Timeline reminders

- Community call in 2-3 weeks (discuss below)
- Registration goes live in January
- If you need/want help in planning action items, let us (Ouso, Christina, Sher, Serah) know

### Tweets

- All committees should be thinking about tweets to drum up interest/communicate things
- Communications contact person for tweets
- Committee contact people

### Community Call Planning
- Choose dates - sometime between Oct 15 - 21
- Suggest talking points / community updates
- Calls to action
- Volunteer for communication:
	- Blog post
	- Tweets
	- Emails
	- Slack

### Subcommittee Updates
**1. Budget**

- Sponsorship Model will be reviewed by the the Carpentry Sponsorship Taskforce. Will be ready to release next week

**2. Communication**

**3. Accessibility**

- Planning to send out accessibility surveys
- Working on financial aid process

**4. Program**

- Proposed keynote speakers: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fEy1q77OKxeD9ei4MVmS4_d0fJGm2AfOqQ4q7U6ocpA/edit?usp=sharing
	- 7 proposed speakers, all women!
- Still looking for a co-chair - Rohit + Elizabeth
- Next: Silvia to create a poll to ask if people are interested in teaching skill-up / workshop / breakout

**5. Web**

- Redesign website (have several separate sections to ease navigation and facilitate integration of new topics). Serah has a proposal.
- Clarify and communicate to all subcommittees how to interact with the Web committee to get new information online in the new redesigned website - Serah to write CONTRIBUTING.md guide. 
- We will discuss the new design soon, at the very latest on the next website subcommitee meeting on 11 October and then share with everyone for feedback
- We have identified two ways:
	
>**_Ask Web subcommittee to add new content:_**

>- Send request to Web subcommittee by writing an issue  (https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2020/issues/new) and share content via a google doc document
- Web subcommittee add content to a fork repository and ask for feedback to the requestor
      c) Publish content on the website once agreed with requestors.
	
>**_A subcommittee create new content itself:_**

>- Create an issue (https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2020/issues/new) 
- Fork the web repo (https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2020)
- Generate content in the fork and create a pull request when ready
- Web subcommittee review changes and publish when ready

**6. Publishing (Content)**

- Using sched.com for writng the program (not sure it is here or in the web section!).

## Notes

**_Announcements (welcome Rohit!)_**

### Timeline reminder (mid january registration go-live!)
**Community call in 2-3 weeks**

- 2 in october (TF member to at least attend 1)
- To be towards end of the week
- CK will send a time availability list soon
- Goal is to update the whole community and ask for feedback and volunteers

	- Serah suggest giving the timelines and expectaions (to build excitement) as an agenda item for that community call
	- Fotis really emphasizing the coming CarpentryCon (ie, this is getting real)
	- Rohit (asking about the nature of the con content) and twitter content - increasing number of tweets as CC gets closer
	- Bianca (really does not want to give too much info away too soon but to generally promote the event and the basic tracks available
	- CK suggests a blog post and tweets (and slack) go out to promote the community call (Rohit will help with the blog post, Elizabeth and Bianca will help review, CK and Ouso will push to slack once blog post is written
	- Use scheduled tweets (CK) - suggests subcomittees to use twitter to promote their respective parts of the event and the call 
	- There is an official CC twitter handle (and CK suggests using some means to put that content together in a spreadsheet of all communications)
	- Serah updated about who can use the communication spreadsheet that only specific folks get access to that  (there should be a point of contact in order to add possible content to that spreadsheet)
	- Kari Jordan handled facebook posting (from Bianca)

**Update from Sher!:**

- Suggests that whomever wants to push content on CarpCon on facebook to use one coms contant so Kari is not bombarded with requests from a bunch of folks
- Serah also supports the single point of contact structure

### Subcommittee Updates
**Budget**


**Communication**


**Accessibility**

- Childcare?

**Program**

- There are more folks on this subcomittee now (Rohit being one)
- CK asks about update on keynote
- Bianca: pushed out some requests to the community and has received 7 responses (curious about representation of keynote speakers - so far all ladies)
- The call is out but the next step is to get the rubric for selecting the keynotes
- Elizabeth Williams (suggests it is okay to have all women speakers)
- CK advocating for diversity
- Ouso suggests that the keynote speakers proposals will take a natural course, there is probably going to be male suggestions
- Serah suggests to keep using all communication channels for keynote requests
- Asks about rubric how to pick the keynote
- ELizabeth pointed out that some of the speakers were so far from India and that there will also be travel issues with such keynotes due to fiscal policies (challenges of business with India)
- Fotis: comment on possible skype keynote (speaker in the room will be easier to make and keep contact through the event)
- Fotis: theme determines (in part) keynote picks
- CK suggests we should put together criteria for picking speakers with input of staff on matters policy
- CK, responding to Bianca's question about keynote timing, that the form should be closed at the time of the community call
- Aleksandra makes a point that permission should be sought to record the keynotes
- Marco (asks if the keynote should be finalized by registration openning as it might be a determining factor on who want to attend)
- CK says yes
- Anne thinks the sooner the better not necessarily before/after registration is open
- Ouso says we need the keynotes finalized very soon after the community call

**Web & outreach**

- Aleks suggested opening more pages on the conference page rather than just use a single webpage
- 11^th^ is the next web/outreach meeting
- Something will be available to share very soon after the 11th
- Serah wants a more concrete timeline based on the 11th meeting
- Aleks: new website should be live in nov. (an improvement)
- Annefou suggests we wait to talk about sharing content until the website gets more final
- Use docs to write up content in advance
	- Sponsorship model is being reviewed (CK)
	- Content subcommittee is finding it challenging to meet

_Bianca suggests that the communication point person should be identified ASAP (wants to push a new wave of keynote requests etc)_

_Answer; Serah will take that position as point person_

**_PS: CK Congratulate and appreciatesmembers on all the work so far and encourages for shout-outs in case one is overwhelmed_**

## Action Items:

- Set community call time (Christina)
- Write blog post about community call (Rohit, w/ help from Bianca + Elizabeth Wickes)
- Plan communications (everyone-SCs, w/ Serah as point person)
- Come up with keynote rubric / ranking (Program subcommittee)
- Onboard new program subcommittee chairs (Christina or Ouso)
- Generate community call agenda from these notes (Christina or Ouso or Sher)

## Next call

[9am Pacific / 17pm GMT / 19pm EEST  (San Francisco Thu 10:00, Thessaloniki Thu 20:00, Melbourne, Fri 03:00)](https://qrgo.page.link/nAkXM).

## Reference Etherpad

_**[CarpCon2020TFPad](https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce)**_
