

# Date of the meeting: Tuesday, September 3rd, 2019 (meeting #18)

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_ - _[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CC2020+Call&iso=20190903T17&p1=%3A&ah=1)_.

Connection info: virtual via [CarpentryZOOM](https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt)

## Attendees

1. Christina Koch (chairing)
2. Jesse Lambertson (note taker) lambertson@uchicago.edu
3. Ouso
4. Elizabeth Williams (mostly listening in/available to answer questions)
5. Mina
6. Sher!
7. Shaily Gandhi
8. Jessica Upani

## Apologies:

1. Anne Fouilloux (I am attending a conference this week)
2. Sateesh Peri (have thesis committee meeting)
3. Marco: 
4. Sarah - sorry I have a meeting that requires my facilitation at this time but only once a month
5. Gabriel (Just finished teaching at a Library Carpentry workshop)
6. Silvia

## Agenda

### Sub-Committee reports for the taskforce
1. Accessibility
	- Researching childcare, captioning, food options, access to building, etc. No input needed from the task force right now!r
2. Budget
3. Communications
4. Publishing (Content)
	- Lacking a co-chair, needs discussion
5. Program
6. Web/outreach
7. Venue

### Sub-Committee action items

**1. Accessibility**

- Continue research
- Produce public version of accessibility plan for community review (and communciation to task force)

**2. Budget**

**3. Communications**

**4. Publishing (Content)**

**5. Program**

**6. Web/outreach**

- Updated website with theme and location (see https://2020.carpentrycon.org/)
- Finalized members of subcommittee
- Wait for sponsorship model (from budget committee) to publish

**7. Venue**

- Try to finalize venue commitments (reservation, costs + accessibility) by mid-September


## Notes:
### Subcommittee reports:
**1.  Accessibility**

	a. Researching childcare, captioning, food options, access to building, etc. No input needed from the task force right now!
	b. Met last week (gathered research of list for options (venue, captioning)
	
**2. Budget**

	a. Refining the sponsorship model
	b. the last meeting was smaller
	c. Assigning the parts to tiers and ala carte sponsor info
	d. determine how to communicate clearly to sponsors, etc
	e. Christina Koch (suggests it will be helpful to deliver costs estimates as we go) Got affirmed yes(es)
	f. Elizabeth Williams wantsto make sure the budget subcommittee gets all relevant communication (which will also help other subcommittees get updates on status)
	
**3. Communications**

	a. Last meeting dealt with the hashtag #carpentrycon2020 or #carpentrycon2020US or #carpentryconUS2020
	b. Shaily suggests the location in the hashtag would show the conference is going international more and more
	c. SherAaron suggests there could be more than one hashtag (but that this could help separate each conference by year so 	that analytics could use each year to break down interactions
	d. Ouso asks if perhaps a hashtag that contains a local location might confuse the global meeting with a local meeting
	e. Should the location be abbreviated? (questions)
	f. SherAaron suggests the location is helpful for memory
	
**4. Content**

_**Lacking a co-chair, needs discussion**_

	a. Ouso asks if anyone present might be able to take a lead of this subcommittee
	b. SherAaron says she might take Content as lead (if noone else steps up)
	c. Talks about opening up to folks in the wider community who might want to join this subcommittee - as opposed to have to join the whole task force
	d. Shaily asks if a letter could be produced that says this person is on this task force (for their respective institutions)
	e. Elizabeth Williams says she could draft a template for this

**5. Program**

	a. Christina Koch says Saatesh is busy this fall 
	b. SherAaron says the groups needs a better meeting time
	c. Also that ideas might come over from accesinility that could change the program drastically
	
**6. Web/outreach**

	a. Christina Koch suggests routinely checking the website for accessibility
	b. http://carpentrycon.org/
	
**7. Venue**

	a. CK will take pictures and send them (perhaps)
	b. https://discovery.wisc.edu/; https://union.wisc.edu/host-your-event/spaces-and-facilities/memorial-union/great-hall/
	c. Goal is to have a good handle on reservation process to get the dates by the end of September
	d. Also food options

_**SherAaron suggests the task force stay on top of the range of committments of members so all tasks are finalized and followed-up on in a timely manner**_

## Subcommittee Action Items

### Action items: 
    
1. Accessibility : Costs / Write up in december for feedback
2. Communications will take back hashtag ideas to the subcommittee
3. Christina/Ouso check in w/ sub-committees, esp. 
	- Website --> confirm process to put things online
	- Program --> help get started, perhaps via email
4. Recruit Content co-chair -- if we can't find internally, maybe recruit some people
5. Follow-up email from Christina
	- Content co-chair recuitment
	- Venue info
	- Reminder to email budget sub-committee about *anything* money related
	- if you need a letter saying you're working on this, let sher/elizabeth know

## Next call

[9am Pacific / 17pm GMT / 19pm EEST  (San Francisco Thu 10:00, Thessaloniki Thu 20:00, Melbourne, Fri 03:00)](http://tiny.cc/5as5bz).

## Reference Etherpad

_**[CarpCon2020TFPad](https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce)**_
