### Date of the meeting: 2019-03-05

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_ - _[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20190305T20&p1=170&ah=1&am=30)_.

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
- Ana Costa Conrado
- Sateesh Peir
- Silvia
- Sarah Stevens
- Ouso (though travelling and not sure whether my destination has reliable internet)
- Bianca
- Mark
- Anne Fouilloux
- Malvika Sharan
- Gabriel 
- Jessica

### Apologies
- Marco: I have an appointment with my son doctor at 16:30 GMT. I have no idea how long it will take. I may join for the last part of the call
- Mina: I am on the way
- Serah Rono
- Sher!

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - Finalize the venue bid form
  - Finalize theme suggestion form
  - Finalize Malvika's blogpost 
  - Topic and activity for Community Call: Malvika & Fotis
  - Sponsorships update
  - Website update
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### Finalize the venue bid form

Bid template form 2018: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iLfRSnRJ_J7laBhFAQsMgjiX_-P5v3BFtQ4f5WaMZQ8/edit
Bid form 2018: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15MwQIucsR3H13QTNBmVHqUzlx201olldBNtxZV_ExsU/edit
Bid form 2020: https://goo.gl/forms/v8m5YLdT7KWHAUfs2

questions for venue-bid form:
Q) Is there adequate AC for the expected number of participants (~150)? *
comment: I didn't understand this question....it seems yes/no but a number answer is required
response: 

Q) Can they offer the room for extra days?
comment: i am not sure what room are we referring to here
response: 

Everybody seems to agree on it.

#### Finalize theme suggestion form 

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdfWzhfQezlgZUrageieEnRpHmm2JdOqkXi-yWLlk5uwxgqwg/viewform?usp=send_form
Do we need to add more information about the objective to make sure we target the right community and theme.
As an idea, the theme of the RDA Plenary is "With Data Comes Responsibility"... :)
- Add another question about their area of research/idea/keywords (free text) around which the theme can be formulated, e.g. FAIR data principles
- We might get some ideas that we haven't thought about previously
- Let them elaborate on their suggested theme
- Anne: idea for theme about reproducibility and FAIR data
- Sarah: will brainstorm on theme ideas at local Carpentries event

#### Finalize Malvika's blogpost 

- Release this on March 12

#### Topic and activity for Community Call: Malvika & Fotis

- This will be open for everyone in the community to attend, we can use this opportunity to get people interested
- Specifically, we can welcome their ideas on theme and venue
- Think  of a breakout activity that will allow people to collect these idea
- Action: we need to let Kari know of the two times that the call will take place on the 19th of March (one could be during our planned call). Discussion should be led by one of the new members of the TF.
- Community call have a session where everyone talks, and then have breakout sessions to have them think about specific things - can community CarpCon ideas
- Proposed times: 17:00 GMT  +1 (Host community call: Sateesh and Anne)
- Second call: either much earlier or much later (+-7 hours) than this call (check with Gabriel) (Host community call: Gabriel) - choice in time should include people from Australia, New Zealand - might be on the Wednesday (on our calendars) - confirm with Kari
- will be able to host the second call if it is -7 hours (i.e. 10:00 UTC) on the 20th | Gabriel and Sarah are available at this time (10:00 UTC) on the 19th
- Agenda for community call will be finalised on Slack during the next week or 2 (tentative below)

##### Community Call Agenda
- Venue Bid form
- sponsporship form
- theme-suggestion form
- advertise blogpost


#### Sponsorships update  - Form for contacting potential sponsors: https://goo.gl/forms/hFoMejuQbu3HcXyV2
- everyone can fill in the information (organization, contact person/website, location etc.) who they see as potential sponsors
- The sponsorships could be money, swags, other benefir for the conference attendees
-List of Potential sponsors: +1https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ILfCFXUwcG5vWeHFWdcUv5syIbKS8zHVlxMZd9zFupc/edit#gid=0
- Sher! will begin drafting letters to send to potential sponsors once we have location and date
- Sher! can change some of the language if needed to make it more inclusive for the community
- Malvika will add link to sponsor form in blog post
- Bianca: will sponsorship levels (amount of money) will be the same? Sher! - we can discuss this at next call (2 April) NB!!!

#### Website update 

- Anne: tried to move repo to carpentrycon
- Bianca: Got hold of Belinda regarding changing ownership of the 2020 repo - waiting for reply/feedback
- Anne: would like to know which documents we can link to website or what information we can add, it still looks a bit weird
- Malvika: create github face page (README) with link to previous CarpCon website - can change it to 2020 website later
- Bianca: rather do "skeleton web page" and add information as we get it - Anne, Ana and Bianca will work on this - should be ready for the community call (19th)

#### Identify co-chair roles for Gabrial and Jessica
- https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/README.md
- Gabriel is fine with being co-chair for Accessibility - will also help with communication and any other area where help is needed
- Jessica is fine with being co-chair for Budget - will also help with the Program


#### Action points

- Anne: add free text question to theme bid form by Friday
- Malvika: Blog post should go out a week from now - add link to sponsor form to blog
- Anne, Bianca: update website before community call on the 19th (and ask Web team to contribute)
- Next call: March 19th, directly after the community call to debrief/discuss for 30 min
- Host for next call: Anne
- Fotis updates Kari of the community calls: 17:00 UTC and 10:00 UTC
- Sarah: meeting minutes

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for March 19th, 18:00 UTC (right after the community call)
Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
