

# Date of the meeting: Tuesday, April 2nd, 2019 (meeting #7)

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_ - _[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpCon2020+TF+Meeting&iso=20190402T20&p1=170&ah=1&am=30)_.

Connection info: virtual via [CarpentryZOOM](https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt)

## Attendees

1. Sateesh Peri
2. Silvia
3. Ouso
4. Ana
5. Christina
6. Bianca
7. Jessica
8. Marco

## Apologies:

1. Sarah - I'm happy to take a task or two if there are things to be done.  Assign me some! :-D
mina - At this time I'm in another meeting,I also missed the previous meeting.From the week ahead, I can take more time to do a task. Please let me know if there is a task for me.
2. Malvika
3. Anne
4. Mark
5. Alek
6. Gabriel

## Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)

1. The website - acknowledgments, updates, reviews, discussion: [link](https://carpentrycon.github.io/carpentrycon2020/)
2. Brainstorm on responses to availabitlity and time of Con
3. Promotion of bid forms - strategies
4. Review call frequencies?
5. Map out next course of action
6. General updates, questions etc


## Minutes

### The website - acknowledgments, updates, reviews, discussion
- [Website link](https://carpentrycon.github.io/carpentrycon2020/).
- Links in header of website are a bit dark, give a better contrast (difficult to see).
- Some links are broken and some links are linked to old forms - update in next 2 weeks.
- Past events: listed last year's conference, but it is not linked. Link it to last year's conference.
	  
### Brainstorm on responses to availability and time of CC2020
- [Availability form](https://goo.gl/forms/ZLG3DMUrGKqBAcZT2).
- Only 4 responses currently - everyone should please fill out this form to indicate availability for CC2020.
	
### Promotion of bid forms - strategies
- Deadline updated on the forms to 29th April, a TF meeting is next day, 30th.
- Should be advertised and distributed to get feedback from community - communication sub-comm.
- Ouso: Attach common hashtag to every tweet, so that activity can be filtered according to hashtag, communication sub-comm to liaise this.
- Christina:  Hootsuite tool to automate tweets.
- Sateesh: have seen how hootsuite is used, will be able to figure it. Important to also distribute on Facebook - not everyone is on Twitter. Get a designated person from communications to help with Social Media. [Added after meeting by Bianca: Sarah and Mina, since you volunteered to be assigned a task, would you mind helping Sateesh and Marco strategize about promotion of bid forms on social media?
- Ouso: does Hootsuite work with Slack, etc.? Sateesh: yes, it is definitely worth our time to do this. Pre-configure tweets, etc.
- Marco: iconosquare (could be another software to manage social media â€” a bit expensive). I will ask whether other cheap software are available. Compare with Hootsuite (is this free?).
	
### Map out next course of action
- Christina: Finalise tiers for sponsorships; think about how we will organize information about different events/sessions of the program.
- Sateesh: Make sure there is equality and diversity in keynote speakers; on twitter lists of potential speakers are being posted - can start discussing this and think about potential speakers (pending the theme); identify potential speakers on twitter and compile an internal list.
- Jessica: currently organizing a conference, and they sent out a call for people that may be interested in being keynote speakers - people contacted them if they were interested; we can put out a call like this at a later stage.
- Silvia: we have a lot of calls at the moment; suggestion: compile a list (as Sateesh suggested) instead of putting out a call.
- Ouso: agrees with Silvia, also note that the community gets involved with this too.
- Silvia: Slack messages have become a lot and it is not organized into categories, e.g. communications, program, etc.
- Bianca: concerned about important information that may be lost in Slack, since we initially decided that important information will be shared via email.
- Sateesh: there is an option in slack to "pin" items to the channel, which makes them easy to find for all the important links.
- Jessica: suggest that subcommittees can create private Slack channels to work on responsibilities, e.g. budget subcommittee.
- Ouso: subcommittees can discuss and work on Slack and then summarize discussion and send summary to CC2020 mailing list - then TF does not have to read through whole detailed thread. Agrees that flow of communication becomes broken on Slack - keep threads neat.
- Silvia: this (communications) is very important and should be the 1st point on the agenda for the next meeting.


### Sponsorships
- Bianca: Will the amounts for the different tiers be the same as they currently are? Too high? Concern: if the tier amounts are too high, we might lose potential sponsors. Once we accept sponsors at current tiers, we have to stick with these amounts. Discuss this when Sher! is available.
- Silvia: amounts are the same as last year, but they got several sponsors (according to budget), so amounts may have worked okay.
- Ouso: keep in mind that some sponsorhsips came in late, maybe due to high tiers. 
- Jessica: Other European conferences have the same amounts for sponsorships - 1000K seems to be the standard for European countries, lowering the tiers could have a wider reach, including African sponsors.
- Marco: how many sponsors did we get last year? How much income was generated from sponsorships?
- Christina: there was 1 leading, 2 support, 1 venue, 3 travel sponsors & 1 donor, 1 Gift sponsor and 2 Price sponsors, from [CC 2018](http://www.carpentrycon.org/). Carpentry merchandise and personnel time.
- Silvia: maybe propose that amounts are adjustable/flexible, especially for small companies.
- Bianca: if people are able to sponsor an X amount and it falls between 2 tiers, offer a personalised list of benefits (combination of benefits of 2 tiers).
- Jessica: keep in mind that some companies (from other countries) may need to pay tax on top of the sponsorship, and that discourages them from sponsoring events.



### General updates, questions etc
- Jessica: at each meeting at least one person of each sub-committee should report back on progress - Bianca +1.
- Ouso: subcommittees can then ask information/input they need from rest of TF, etc.
- Silvia: budget is dependent on sponsorships; social media discussions should be discussed with communications team.
- Sateesh: sub committees should self-organize and then report back to TF.

### Review call frequencies?
- Silvia: Only 5 members left at the moment, we should discuss this with the rest of TF, what was the rationale.
- Ouso: was basically dependednt on the window between now and the deadline of bids, and if need for a meeting in between was necessary, also basing on this call's outcomes.
- Bianca: porbably the sub-committee idea will help with fewer TF call in the future.

## Action points:

1. Bianca: Add link to a google doc with full list of quesitons to the venue bid form, so people don't have to click through and fill in the questions to see all the questions. (From reviewing community Call)-resolved, thanks   - Bianca: Here is a shortened [pre-fill form link](https://tinyurl.com/y2v2x7w7)  to the venue bid form that will allow you to view and/or pre-fill the whole form:  **Bianca added after meeting:** the [Copy of Bidding_template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WHOdExihv23YI2IZbr7ttFy340xmWFPgxSlNpQd786g/edit) gives more detail about information that should be considered when bidding a venue.
2. Bianca: add issues for things that need to be corrected on the website.
3. Everyone: fill out [form](https://goo.gl/forms/ZLG3DMUrGKqBAcZT2) to indicate availability for CC2020.
4. Sateesh: will help with technological aspects of Hootsuite, but need help from rest of TF to come up with contents of the tweets/posts.
5. Marco: find out about alternative (possibly cheaper) software available for automating social media posts.
6. **Bianca added after meeting:** Sarah and Mina, will you be able to help with this? See more detail in minutes above under section "Promotion of bid forms - strategies.7. Everyone: identify potential keynote speakers and compile a list.
8. Communication sub-committee to liaise on advertisements/promotions.
9. **Next chair: Ana (will have to confim; may have a course); Bianca will be back-up chair**.


## Next call

[9am Pacific / 17pm GMT / 19pm EEST  (San Francisco Thu 10:00, Thessaloniki Thu 20:00, Melbourne, Fri 03:00)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpCon2020+TF+Meeting+%238&iso=20190416T20&p1=170&ah=1&am=30).

## Reference Etherpad

_**[CarpCon2020TFPad](https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce)**_