### Date of the meeting: Date

Next Call TF Meeting #17 : August 20th, 2019 at 17 UTC
17pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 10:00, Thessaloniki Tue 20:00, Melbourne, Wed 03:00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2019&month=8&day=20&hour=17&min=0&sec=0&p1=152&p2=170&p3=56&p4=136&p5=179&p6=137 

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt


### Attendees

- Ouso
- Marco (I am in late! I will join)
- Silvia
- Shaily 
- Sateesh
- Jesse Lambertson (note taker)
- Gabriel
- Sarah
- Bianca
- Elizabeth (Asana updater!)
- Jessica
- Anne

### Apologies

- Mina

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
* Using Asana as a project management tool
    * https://app.asana.com/0/1136380896160004/list
* Subcommittee Roles Document Review: 
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rjgp3E7T8SXR-oOLTUXL6H7F5dVVsjL210x69jhJkk8/edit#
* Sub-committee reports for the taskforce. These should be topics that a sub-committee is actively working on that require feedback from the entire task force. 
    * Budget: Sponsorship model for approval https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dNlVMkCEWrthtPoV72v773_X1b3_HaCRXI07SSziy8c/edit
* Sub-commitee next steps. Each co-chair should identify three actions to be accomplished by the next task force meeting. 
    * Accessibility
        * Schedule a sub-committee meeting sometime this or next week. 
        * Finalize accessibility checklist/tasks
        * Draft accessibility plan for community review
        * Assign/delegate immediate priorities
        * Next meeting: report back on what tasks we're working on.
    * Budget
        * Final approval of sponsorship model
        * Get sponsorship model up on website
        * Get blog post out calling for sponsorships and introducing sponsorship model
        * Create information packet for potential sponsors and draft emails for Budget Subcommittee to reach out to potential sponsors
    * Communications
        * (Ouso filling in for Mina)
        * New co-chair Shaily! yay!
        * Content
        * Create Style Guide
        * Create logo style 
    * Program
        * Program planning sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AhnQUs2acSWsdg20B718wYllmuSUGgiyxDyPvm_tC0s/edit#gid=1233443921
        * Schedule a sub-committee meeting sometime this or next week
        * Walk-through draft program & identify tracks
        * Keynote speakers?
    * Web / Outreach
        * to be finalized (website): suggested changes for adding theme and location (pending pull request)
        * update members of subcommittees (please fill an issue or make a pull request if we still miss members or need to remove some names)
        * develop strategies that advocate for environmental sustainability at the conference 
        * Add information about sponsorships on the CarpentryCon 2020 website.
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

1. Asana (update and information) - Sher Hurt
    1. version control for event planning
    1. Identify all tasks for day-to-day projects
    1. Lists all the setup and organization needed in Asana (and has work set aside for committees and subcommittees)
    1. Builds a project management layer ontop of the threads that have been keyed into the etherpad (but will be an overview for all projects - to keep things in order)
        1. comments: Elizabeth Williams +1
        1. suggests there be a subsommittee liaison to make sure everyone knows how to use Asana (to keep info up to date) 
        1. suggests each person sets up their e-mail to get communication from Asana instead of logging in to view. 
        1. Asana updater (a process by which someone commits to adding appropriate Asana info after each task force meeting)
    1. Sher reiterates those efforts and the values it adds
    1. there is a free version being used right now (there are more people than there are slots in the free version
        1. Christina Koch says we will find a way to figure out how to best use Asana
2. Subcommittee (roles)
    1. Sher started the update
    1. Christina Koch: offers an action item (see below)
    1. Sher says content development has changed (and that it's difficult to keep together)
    1. There may not be anyone doing publications (no style guide for logos, design, etc)
    1. There needs to be a co-chair in this committee
    1. Bianca: suggests we delegate and create a design or ask the community to get involved in those designs/ Ouso/Christina Koch (CK) +2
    1. Christina says the content would be produced by the Content subcommittee
    1. Elizabeth Williams (EW) says that when money is required, please reach out to her (get in touch with the budget subcommittee) earlier is better
    1. Sher wants the document fleshed out by next week
3. Subcommittee Reports to the taskforce
    1. EW outlines sponsorship levels (is happy to get feedback)
        1. asks for ideas for level names
        1. Wants to make sure that benefits offered are follow through with completely
        1.  Is okay with other ideas for benefits (such as room naming rights, etc)
        1. Tries to organize event pricing (receptions, ice breakers, coffee breaks)
        1. green sponsors
        1. various a la carte options for sponsors
        1. Ouso asks about benefits (how will the sponsors be listed?)
        viii. Sateesh is curious when registration goes live
    1. Accessibility (CK)
        1. next step: have a meeting and will post that publicly so everyone on the task force can join
    1. Communications (Mina Zamani is away)
        1. Shaily says she can do social media
        1. Facebook events and pages (Ouso)
        1. Blogs, videos, etc, to promote
        1. Twitter hashtag? : 
    1. Content : 
        1. Create style guide
        1. Create logo style
        1. Create A-Z document
    1. Program (Sateesh)
        1. Scheduling subcommittee meetings starting this next week - hereafter
        1. Asks about deciding keynote - relative to the conference's theme
        1. Will update much more at the next task force meeting
        1. Bianca (comment/question): Says the Program document can be shared to speed up the feedback loop : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AhnQUs2acSWsdg20B718wYllmuSUGgiyxDyPvm_tC0s/edit#gid=522050893
    1. Web/outreach (Anne)
        1. next steps: gather sponsor info
        1. Get logos
        1. publish theme and location on CarpentryCon 2020 website

### Action points

Action Items 

1. update all lists who is in each task force - website committee to do
2. Budget committee - finalise sponsorship levels and send to website/outreach sub-committee to be put on website
3. Decide the Twitter hashtag for the conference
4. Other to-dos added by Elizabeth to Asana or in the notes above.

