# Date of the meeting: Tues, Sep 17th, 2019 at 17 UTC (Meeting 19)

**Call Time**: 17pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 10:00, Thessaloniki Tue 20:00, Melbourne, Wed 03:00) - [to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=Next+Call+%28TF+Meeting+%2319%29+%3A+April+2nd%2C+2019&iso=20190917T20&p1=170&ah=1)

## Attending

- Sarah Stevens
- Silvia
- Sher!
- Aleks Nenadic
- Ouso (Chairing)
- Marco
- Christina Koch
- Jessica
- Bianca
- Elizabeth

## Apologies

- Shaily : Travelling
- MINA
- Anne Fouilloux (Traveling)


## Agenda

### Subcommittee Updates

1. Budget
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t-cs6TdWZBGstM_RaF6nR04qcwmtN56Eb1Z2_n3zvR8/edit#heading=h.z3l7m0a6vc2n
2. Communication
3. Accessibility
    - Still researching options for various accessibility items related to venue/program (captions, childcare)
    - Planning to make forms and work w/ communications team about getting feedback about accessibility
    - Financial aid process is our next priority
4. Program
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AhnQUs2acSWsdg20B718wYllmuSUGgiyxDyPvm_tC0s/edit
5. Web (Aleks or Sarah)
    - link to notes from website/outreach meeting (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xhSu6V449q5pau458AqXuJb1KfLlLD6YOJmxIAA6Vfk/edit?pli=1)
    - Schedule application (budget and program) - https://sched.com/
    - Who will implement the programme - programme or website or content subcommittee or a shared task?
    - Website improvements (removed individual contact details - all comm will go via the conference email address carpentrycon@carpentries.org and people will pick stuff that falls into their remit)
6. Publishing (Content)


### Timeline (Sher!) 

1. January 15th Hard Date
    Registration
    Logo
    Housing
    Want to keep momentum going things to do between now and then
2. Community Call - October
3. Tweets from subcommittees asking community to engage with the TF. Forms should be short and consise 3-5 questions max
    Accessiblity
    Bringing Children
    Food
    Financial Aid
    Programs
    Interested in teaching 
    Social activities interested in
    Budget
    Sponsors we can reach out to
    Encouraging people to sponsor
    Publishing
    Ideas for the logo
    Must work with the Communiciations SC to ensure we are spreading this out overtime and not overloading ppl


## Notes (Rohit Goswami, rohit.goswami@aol.com) :

### Subcommittee Updates

**1. Budget**

- SD: Solicited comments on the sponsorship document (listed on the etherpad). The venue will be dealt with by (Elizabeth) *currently, I am only putting a deposit down on the conference dinner venue (not the entire conference venue space)
- SH: Everyone on the task force should review the sponsorship and mention comments, though the draft listed is almost finalized. Silence will be counted as assent. Promotion of sponsors will begin with a blog post next week.
- OD: Query regarding the blog-post (sheraaron) It's written, and mostly complete, save for minor edits.
- SD: Question about the sponsorship people being on the website. (Sheraaron) Turn around of the website, i.e., how quickly can requests to the website team be fulfilled
- AN: Typically, email communication is preferred, and the turn around will be one day. Urgent communication can be established by a slack poke. If people have access (or simply open a pull request) then it is best to make changes directly. Again, without write-access, PRs need to be approved, typically via Slack.

**2. Communications**

- CK: Question for the communications subcomittee. General updates requested.
- BP: Bi-weekly tweets were discussed. Everyone on the task-force ought to volunteer for one tweet a month, and if the rest retweets that, it should be sufficient to cover the twelve months. The subcommittee members will of course tweet more often, but everyone is requested to send whatever they wish to be tweeted to the subcommittee.
- SH: The subcommittees should be encouraged to tweet their own work, or to get out survey links. Everyone should work in tandem with the communications subcommittee, especially to pin down a viable timeline so no one feels overburdened.
- BP: There are the tweets, blogs, newsletters and other avenues. A document should be set up to schedule the content to prevent people from being overloaded.
- SH: Suggests that the subcommittee chairs could be requested to be responsible for updating the document. This would limit the number of people on the document.
- BP: Clarifies that the subcommittee needs to be emailed for the blog posts and other content to be distributed

** 3. Accessibility**
    
- CK: Accessibility will be mainly dealt with in the next meeting. Surveys, with a focus on child-care. The committee has also been tasked with financial aid, so some more people will be reached out to.

**4. Program**

- BP: Since Saatesj has stepped down, people are still needed. Question. Should the whole task-force give inputs or should only the dedicated sub-committee handle the inputs for the program. Belinda (?) suggested that the sponsors be given a ten minutes in between lectures
- EW: Currently only 5 minutes have been given to the Peta level sponsors.
- BP: Query about the keynotes : 45 min +5 min questions or 60 min or 55 min + 5 min.
- AN: from experience, 60min is too long, 40+5 or 45+5 is a better split
- BP: 40min+5min with the rest for questions
- SH: Do not be tied down to the historical schedule of the past conferences, set whatever timeline suits *this* committee best.
- CK: The poster session is on the second day, since people are tired on the first. The conference dinner might be held on the second day if that's more feasible. 4 keynotes might be a bit much, but if there are 4 great speakers it's fine
- AN: Second day dinner would be fine, since it is a three day conference. People liked longer breaks. Some time to refocus, or contemplate what they have learnt. Some people also suggested mandatory outside breaks, like maybe a picture outside. Too many parallel sessions were held. The program committee should try to account for these constraints.
- SH: +1 for the longer breaks.Depending on the number of people, for parallel sessions, we might have repeats. Poster sessions during the coffee break would be good too.
- EW +1 for longer coffee breaks + the poster sessions, on the first day especially (due to travel fatigue)
- AN Lightning talks before the poster session, which allowed some (?) of the poster presenters give a bit of background
- SH Timing. First day ought to  be shorter.
- BP Poster sessions during the coffee breaks is good. Maybe wine and finger foods then too? The lightning talk would let people figure out if they want to know more about the poster in the first place.
- EW: The alcohol is a bad idea typically. Not only because of licensing, but also because people might behave inappropriately. Non-alcoholic beverages would be much better.
- AN +1 for no alcohol. It is better to be safe.
- CK: In wisconsin beer wouldn't be a problem, but then it would be up to the community.
- SH: Evening reception at a community event.
- AN: The welcome drink was forgotten so complimentary champaign was offered, but was not provided. There were drink tokens which could be used for alcoholic or non-alcoholic drinks, and there was also a bar. It might be ok during dinner but the committee should decide.
- MC: Suggests maybe for the dinner there might be a bar, but maybe not during the event itself.
- CK: Will hand this over to the accessibility subcommittee to solicit opinions more coherently
- MC: Maybe recording the talks would fix the parallel session issue, if there is enough infrastructure
- SS: The venue can do recording but it's 60$ an hour, so only the keynote sessions have been budgeted for 
- EW: Also included in the sponsorship model. There is live streaming as an option. So depending on the level of funding it would be an option.
- SS: They offer live-streaming but not very well. They struggled to coordinate it for a previous conference.
- EW: Maybe an external contractor
- BP: Call for keynote speakers would be put out next week. A poll has been sent out to the rest of the committee. The plan is that for the next week, keynote sessions, labs, etc. for the rest of the sessions will be determined.
- OD: Have the tracks been identified?
- BP: Not yet, it is still open to reviews. Though the committee can go their own way, there are aspects which need to be retained because they work well. It is still a draft for the next few months though.
    
**5. Website**

- SS: Suggests Sched, a scheduling application to directly embed into the website. The Sched service has an app as well. 250$ per event for non-profits.
- AN: Suggests an email-list be set up to contact each subcommittee. Also, who would set Sched up and control it?
- CK: Recruit someone from the community for this, atleast for the initial set up
- AN: Should be ok, looks friendly (GUI)
- CK: Would be ok, requests suggestions or objections to shed.
- AN: Inigo (?) 
- BP: Conf2, but Shed looks nicer
- OD: People from the community can be picked out with Christina
- BP: Personal (email) contact. The question was on 2021 in South Africa -- Sher will follow up.

### Timeline

 Discussion on the timeline. Staff, liasons, taskforce. The timeline has been established, and in a gist, the hard deadline is January 15th. This means everything needs to be ready by then, so the subcommittes should set everything by that hard deadline. There might be a community call in October. Then they can talk about CarpentryCon and ask some questions which need to be polled. The community should be engaged, to ensure that they can attend as well. The tweets ought to be the medium to make the subcomittees keep their communities engaged, but also to deal with logistical questions, like sponsors, number of children, vegetarians, etc. Praised momentum. Once the drafts are done, then ordering and finalization will be ok. Tweets, blog posts, slack (#general) and other avenues of communication. If the hard deadlines are not hit, then there ought to be more communication in the subcommittee.
 
- MC: Watch number of tools (Asana, Google Calendar, etc.)

