### Date of the meeting: Tuesday, April 30th, 2019 (meeting #9)

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees
- Marco
- Silvia
- Ouso
- Mark
- Sateesh (travelling joining in via audio)
- Anne
- Serah
- Sher!

### Apologies
- Sarah
- Malvika
- Christina  
- Bianca
 
### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - Venue Bids
  - Theme
  - Sub-committee Updates
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

## Agenda: 
      
### Venue Bids 
(https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12i-7JS3TC8PT03Ptu0GsJXaBGreTAfulm4IVWEsB3nE/

- we only two option at the moment. One in South Africa and the other one in Canada. Ouso: the next course of action with the bidforms may be able to guide on whether we extend the deadline and by how long, considering also the time contrains.
Sher then suggested to have at least 4 possible location and to extend it since we don't have a date for the Con yet. 
- Ouso will generate an email template for one-on-one reaching out by this Friday
- Sateesh: the new deadline should be about the end of June.
- Sher suggested we should also send informal messages like posts in twitter, email or messages. She will do the first one. Just to be sure that people are aware we are still looking for responses. 
- Sateesh: We should pick up different platforms every two days to avoid spamming all together everywhere. +1 Serah
-We should highlight that hosting the Conference will not cost anything to them and Anne will modify the form to capture this. <-- Done: added a sentence: "Venue expenditures will be fully covered by The Carpentries".

### Theme 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1D5gpY2YvxIe17wFNH2sYErvvQ_cfSveeuUOGCx8jA_U/edit#responses

- Sateesh: we don't have to push the theme bids too much until we finish the Venue process. 
- So far it is not top priority and we don't want to spam to much. We leave the theme suggestion open but we don't push it anymore.
- Were there theme bids last time? This could help us guage how many to expect this time round
- Mark: there was no theme bid last time, just refinement from discussions
- Sateesh: Go slow on the theme bid, capitalise on the venue bid
- Mark: Narrow down to about three themes to publish out to the bigger community and ask people to make choices. We already have 9 suggestions and we can start working from that.
- We can give this suggestions to the program subcommittee but everybody should also have a look at it. The subcommitee has to come up with a short list that has to be suggest during the next meetings.

### Sub-committee Updates

- Serah and Sher had a meeting last week ---> we will get support by the team of Carpentries and they decided who is going to be the Staff Liaison for each of the subcommitee. See the list below. 
- Sher! and Serah to provide zoom meeting space for the different sub-committees as outlined below
- Serah: sub-committes to schedule there meetings early for blocking on Sher!/Serah zoom rooms; they use the same for their day-to-day work
- Serah : created a notes folder for the all subcommitees.
- All the chairs have to create a communication channel in slack and to invite all the member 
- Marco: we still have to communicate more using the email since not so many people are confident in using slack. Anne remind us that this was what we agreed  during the first meeting.
- Sher: create emailing list for each subcommitee by 1st May
- Serah: The sub-committees should idealy schedule  zoom meetings on the form in about 2 weeks (soft deadline); sub-committees to decide on their meeting times before the next TF call
- Sher : we can use the next meeting to highlight what each sub-commitees has to do it. This mean each sub-commitees has to meet or discuss before the next general meeting
 ### Staff Liaisons

- Website and Outreach - Serah Rono
- Communication - Serah Rono
- Budget - Serah Rono / Sher!
- Program - Sher!
- Content development - Serah Rono/Sher!
- Accessiblility - Sher!
- Zoom Rooms for use by subcommittees
- Complete form if you haven't already: https://forms.gle/zRtmzHwNW2KWQ7nu9
- Complete the form if you need to use the Zoom room to be sure nobody else is using the room at the same time.
- The subcommitees have to decide when to meet. --- > One subcommitee has to give a single response so they have to agree on a specific time and day before submitting the request.

- Communication Channels

#### Ouso: there is need to acknowledge communication for things to keep moving forward with everyone looped in.

### Meetings 

Subcommittee Meeting Notes Folder: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1JJmXSxj6HvulrkEcBhwk2Jogl5afdtjQ

- Sher : we need to reach all the chairs with persnalised emails in regards to sub-committee organization, besides the general emails with minutes. We don't know if they all read the minutes
- The next meeting will be on the 14th of May and Silvia will chair the next session
- Anne: do we have to put the minutes still on Git hub? -- > Ouso: has deposited on both drive and Github previously, the latter is however the ultimate repository for all communications
- Marco: is it better to have a single place to be sure that nothing is lost. 
- Mark: we put the google drive to store the information we don't want to share with the community yet and we should use the github when we want to share information. +1 all
- The finalize minutes they have to go on Github
- Ouso: to whom do we action the addition of minutes that are not on Github, session chairs or one person?
- The minutes that are missing so far will be added to Github by the chairs of the sessions.
- Ouso: there is need to acknowledge communication for things to keep moving forward with everyone looped in.

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for May 14th, 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce