### Date of the meeting: October 15, 2019

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon2020+Taskforce+Meeting&iso=20191015T20&p1=170&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees

- Christina Koch (chairing)
- Sher!
- Silvia
- Aleks N
- Elizabeth Wickes
- Sarah Stevens
- Marco
- Elizabeth Williams
- Serah Rono

### Apologies

- Anne
- Bianca (vacation)
- Gabriel (having a class)
- Shaily Gandhi
- MINA
- Ouso (Internet issues)

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - Housekeeping (email, slack, committee membership)
  - Moving date of community call
  - Subcommittee updates, notably program decisions
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### CarpentryCon Emails: (Sher!) 

Please be sure to use the email that you have affiliated with TopicBox when sending emails. Otherwise it will need to get approved and may not go out immediately

#### Slack Channel Sher)

    Please be sure your name is listed at the top of this etherpad (beginning at line 32)

    Everyone please add your slack username if you use slack

#### Updating Subcommittee List (Please put you name beneath the subcomittee): Sher!

#### Rescheduling community call for November

- ACTION: new time poll: http://whenisgood.net/wny5mh7
- Creating an agenda: 
  - Use breakout rooms to have small group discussions, prepare questions for people to discuss
  - Subcommittee leads communicate to Christina/Ouso things that we want to cover
  - ACTION: Christina will create an etherpad to draft the agenda and call for input
- Will have a blog post announcing
- Community call will be surrounded w/ publicity.

#### Budget

- Need more help - will put out a call for more members
- Someone wrote to the TF asking to help - and then we weren't ready to add individuals a the time
- How can we add this person?
  - Silvia will reach out to that person to see if they will join the budget committee
  - Can also post to slack/discuss
  - ACTION: Christina Onboarding - join the right slacks/ get access to google drive / added to the right email lists

#### Program

Draft Program: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AhnQUs2acSWsdg20B718wYllmuSUGgiyxDyPvm_tC0s/edit#gid=522050893

Poster Sessions ? Should we keep these or remove them?

- Hard to find time for the Poster sessions
- Lightning talks were more popular in 2018
- No printing ($$, time, paper)
- Not having to travel internationally with poster
- Informal Poll (+1's please):
  - Remove posters: +1
  - Keep posters: 
- Concern about needing posters for folks to get $$ from departments for travel?  But maybe these folks can submit for lightning talks instead?
- Is a lightning talk session comparable to poster for getting funding? 
  - Might depend on the department?
  - Not as explicitly funded from E. Wickes dept
- Times for poster session
  - During lunch?
  - During breaks?
  - Worried that the poster presenters won't have time to eat or take breaks
- CarpentryConnect Manchester - ~ 8 submissions, ~4 people who brought posters
- Maybe need to couple with networking and socializing
- Maybe 3 min lightning talks intead of 2 min?
- Sher suggestion: What if we did a lightning session/poster talk? 1st half lightning talks and then 2nd half posters? (let me know if I got this right?)
  - Only have 30 minutes for lightning talks right now, might have to rearrange to do this
- Q Marco: How many lightning talks would we have?  30? 
  - Maybe put these both together as Sher! suggested?
- Discuss again with the Program subcommittee in meeting next week?
- Q Christina: Do you think not having posters will affect many people?  Re: CV, funding requests
  - Silvia: Not sure this would be a problem for me, when I submited for poster, lightning talk was a bit more presigious
  - Elizabeth Wicks: Maybe go with plan to see what people submit. You can submit a poster but warning people that posters might be transitioned to lightning talk if we don't get a lot of poster submissions
  - Ask people we thinking might have a strong opinion to get more points of view?  
  - Christina: maybe I'll tweet about it? 
- Please RT the tweet with form about submissions: https://twitter.com/CarpentryCon/status/1182581994242367488

#### Website

- New website under construction, preview: https://carpentries.github.io/cc2020/
- Plan is to have it ready by 8th November with interim review on 25th October
- Working on migrating the content and info about venue to this site 
  - including photos and info about cctf - watch out for email about this
- ACTION: Issues and suggestions welcome email full carpentries task force list: carpentrycon@lists.carpentries.org
- Christina recruited someone local to start working on content
- Need to get call for keynotes and call for submissions on website too
  - When does call for keynotes end? - Almost closed so don't need to include

#### Local/Site

- Put in request for dorm rooms
- Put in request for hotel rooms at the student union hotel across the street from the venue
- Waiting on more hotel info to block 2nd hotel
- Scholarship enactment
  - Make sure they are okay with Carpentries calling and booking sets of rooms

 #### Merging Comms and Content committee

- Lots of overlap between these groups and difficult to find overlapping times for Content committee
- Will meet at the same time as comms subcommittee currently meets
- Comms meets fortnightly on opposite weeks of the cctf meeting on Wednesdays at 4pm UTC
    
### Action points

  - Sher: determine community call time
  - Sher: update contact lists
  - Serah: various communication campaigns
  - Christina: make etherpad to draft community call agenda
  - Christina: write up onboarding document
  - everyone: promote program forms

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for October 29

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
