### Carpentry Community Call, Thursday, August 17
_**Call #1 Time**: 7am Pacific / 10am Eastern / 2pm UTC / 12am Sydney_

_**Call #2 Time**: 4pm Pacific / 7pm Eastern / 11pm UTC / 9am (August 18th) Brisbane/Sydney (AEST)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/6099690697

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
- Kate Hertweck (@k8hert)
- Malvika Sharan (@sharan)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Elizabeth Williams
- Raniere Silva
- Tracy Teal
- Christina Koch (@_christinaLK)

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
- Mark Laufersweiler  / University of Oklahoma / @laufers
- Belinda Weaver / Software and Data Carpentry / @cloudaus
- Jonah Duckles
- Elizabeth Williams
- Amy Hodge


### Agenda
- Introductions
- Code of Conduct, meeting format
- Overview of CarpentryCon; status update on
  - Theme
  - Structure - draft agenda
  - Venue
- Information update at [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon)
- How to get involved
  - BoF ideas?
  - Venue ideas?
- General discussion
  - concerns?
  - What would you be most excited to see at the conference?


### Overview of CarpentryCon


**CarpentryCon: Building Locally, Connecting Globally**

CarpentryCon aspires to become the reference-point event, embracing the Global Carpentries community. Under the theme “Building Locally, Connecting Globally”, this unconference-type event will focus on how to create local communities while maintaining the global perspective of the Carpentries, provide opportunities for continued learning and professional development of current and future Carpentry community leaders, and establish a meeting point for Carpentry community members to share skills and perspectives.

The purpose and scope of CarpentryCon can be further elaborated across three main pillars:

_Community Building_: bring together members of the Carpentry community, including instructors, partners, advocates, and staff, together with people sharing similar interests from around the globe. We will have a “come and learn” format that is different from most conferences. Key part of the community building process are going to be talks from people who have build local Carpentries in different communities, particularly interesting from the groups in Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
_Sharing Knowledge_: include sessions on teaching methods, curriculum development, community organization, and leadership skills. Professional development will be of primary concern in CarpentryCon, moving beyond the traditional technical skills (such as writing R apps with Shiny) and addressing aspects such as how to write new lessons (whether for SWC/DC or their own content), lesson maintainers workshops etc.
_Networking_: Opportunities will be provided for participants to come together informally to share stories about challenges and successes. Having the Carpentries as the Global reference point, this will initiate discussions on how to create local chapters, therefore increasing engagement at different levels of granularity.

CarpentryCon is envisioned as a three-day high-intensity event that will attract participants from across the Globe. Connecting people from different communities, both industry and academia, this event will kickstart a new knowledge- and experience-exchange network based on closely-knit local communities and chapters.



### Discussion points (_Call #1)_:

General update:
- Goal: really build on / leverage the Carpentries strength as a global community.  Share knowledge.
- Agenda: not a single-track approach.  Many breakout sessions.
- Three potential schedule approaches: 2-day, 2-day+evening before, 3-day (see [here](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/CarpentryConAgendaIdeas.md))
- Location: have a ["bid form"](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/BidTemplate.md)
  - Committee has already reached out to a few potential sites, 2 in Europe + 1 in N. America
  - Bid expected to be facilitated by local community member
  - What does community think?
    - EU would likely be more accessible to global community
    - High priority -- near a major airport to minimize travel time
    - Suggestion: **facilitate visa first and second time travelling and third $** (_rsilva_)
    - When making the decision about where it would be, really making sure we're reaching out to different geographical regions and seeing who could attend in different locations. Reaching out to local community leaders.
    - Want to make sure that this is accessible as possible -- that we aren't shutting people out
    - Consider how much sponsorship has been raised and how many people we can support to any particular location
    - One of the goals of Carpentry Con is to bring people together who are perhaps otherwise isolated, so people from smaller communities. Perhaps we should make this goal explicit and then work towards that. If this is a primary goal, then we need a lot of funding to support people to attend.
    - As an example, it would cost about $1500 Euros for someone to come to Heidelberg from South Africa
    - Should we have a quota for new vs old carpentry members?
      - This will depend on the topics and trainings covered in the meeting that would help the participants to get some professional skills related to community building/training related activities.
      - Most of the activities will be in break out/BoF/unconference sessions. A few topics have already been discussed (networking, professional development etc.) but community is invited to suggest new ideas.
- Next steps:
  - Suggest breakouts / BOFs on the repository as [issues](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/issues)
  - Venue: Bid will be sent out to the community after these calls, should be decided by September end - early October. Overall preparation should be finished by Feb 2018, which will allow us to take care of any remaining tasks
  - Time: Will likely be end of spring/early summer 2018.  Will be decided w/ venue. Dates could be in mid may to mid June.
- Any other feedback or concerns?
  - Will be easier to organize things when we have a venue
  - Get more help! Recruit more people (again, will be easier once you have a venue)
  - **Articulate what the tasks should be after deciding on the venue**.
  - Fundraising is the next crucial task. We will need help from the community to raise money and get sponsorships
- Ideas for things to have
  - Talent show!
  - Improv for scientists
  - Storytelling for scientists
  - Comics
  - Podcasting for science
  - Ally training - anti-harassment training
  - Diversity/equity
  - Unconscious bias - overcoming unconscious bias
  - Open source?
  - Sharing lesson teaching tricks/tips

### Discussion points (_Call #2)_:

Mark summed up the previous call and the progress with CarpentryCon to date in terms of planning. Important to select a venue - Mark indicated where the bid form is - now seeking input from community to focus in, so we can create more concrete timelines. Have consulted with NumFOCUS around issues such as liability. Hope is that the local contact will be a local organizer/backstop.

- _BW_: likes comment "_facilitate visa first and second time travelling and third_" with ease of visa being number one priority.
- _JD_: Any attempt to get Canadian bid?
- _ML_: No, didn't want to put it on Greg to try to organize that. Maybe a call out in follow up blog post. Hit all channels to get action and activity. Venue finalized by October 2017.
- _BW_: communication - do you need my help?
- _ML_: Fotis and BW could work together to get the communication out. BW will draft post of where we are at.
- _JD_: Are we seeking sponsorship in tandem?
- _ML_: Yes, looking at sponsors especially for posters.
- _AH_: Are we offering sponsors anything other than booth space? Are there different levels?
- _ML_: Happy Hour round vendor area - they cater, and people see what they have. Or a banquet
- _JD_: Booths may not be needed? If event won't support booths,. don't offer them.
- _AH_: Have vendor do demos
- _BW_: Vendors are interested in hearing what researchers do as it helps them tailor their offerings.
- _JD_: What do people coming to Carpentry Con want?
- _AH_: Will be point person for Carpentries membership when it happens. Interested in building local community to help plan and fund workshops - get more people consistently involved.
- _JD_: Come to [Carpentry Champions call](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=Carpentries+Champions&iso=20170822T20&p1=%3A&ah=1)
- _BW_: What about two-day vs three-day?
- _AH_: Either is OK, but not a weekend.
- _ML_: Not a set program for the third day - maybe split into groups, work on a lesson, do a hackathon etc on that third day without people feeling they are missing scheduled events.
- _AH_: this is a doer group. Maybe day 3 could be knocking out social science course outline.
- _BW_: Maybe look at [Damien Irving's capstone](http://damienirving.github.io/capstone-oceanography/) example as that is one way to develop discipline-specific material to embed tools and skills knowledge with data suitable for the discipline.
- _JD_: Unconference format can be good - people have to pitch ideas. Worry there will just be Birds of a Feathers where not many people go.
- _BW_: Worried it could descend into chaos and people then feel cheated.
- _ML_: Have a strong theme, do some pre-work, etc
- _JD_: KiwiFoo was the name of the unstructured event Jonah attended. Pitches, parallel sessions, short sessions, 40 mins, and then people talk and rehash and take conversations further.
- _BW_: Proposed doing ResBaz-style posters at CarpCon
  - https://storify.com/cloudaus/brisbane-research-bazaar
  - https://twitter.com/cloudaus/status/694323650992844800/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorify.com%2Fcloudaus%2Fbrisbane-research-bazaar
- _AH_: Boss wants outcomes like networking, things for Stanford.
- _JD_: Not about traditional academic career path.
- _AH_: Advisors who support this kind of conference would be unusual. Would be good to facilitate stuff that is useful for grad students, e.g. presenting a poster/talk will help people get funding.
- _JD_: Airbnb options to make it cheaper ...
- _ML_: If we are talking numbers like 120, do newbies get priority?
- _JD_: We might have to make a hard cap - let's cross that bridge when we come to it.
- _BW_/_JD_: Will publicize it like mad.
- _AH_: Wants to understand why we might limit/prefer one group over another - not the general Carpentry way
- _EW_: Intrigued by idea of unconference - but want to see scaffolding to make it more effective
