### Date of the meeting: Friday, May 11th 2018
Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180504T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

- Fotis
- Malvika
- Danielle
- Mark
- Ivo
- Sher! 

### Apologies:

- Belinda

### Agenda:

  - Talk and poster setup
  - Notifying presenters
  - Different signage for the conference

### Discussion:

- Talk setup (duration, format, ordering)
    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15TSuXXQcahug1Xwvaqn0MRIak8Pex_kohBuHKNRTUbU/edit?usp=sharing
    - Notes:
      - I have these as a document, but is easier to switch around order using slides until finalized Colour coded by theme, but some talks fit together despite being different themes. Darker coloured slides are ones where a presenter is doing multiple talks and need to be scheduled accordingly (2 darker blue go together, dark red and very dark blue go together.. clear as mud...??)
    - 6 sessions @ 25 minutes each, four 5 minute talks per session gives some buffer time
      - Session 1: Mixed
      - Session 2: Adapting and expanding on Carpentries style lessons
      - Session 3: Tools and Techniques for Teaching computationa skills
      - Session 4: Sustainable Community Building
      - Session 5: Mixed (ELIXIR, SSI)
      - Session 6: Expanding Carpentries Curricula

    - If additional talks need to be added (because they didn't show up on the google form), we can limit 1 talk per person
If we need additional talks to fill out sessions, TaskForce could step up! :)


- Poster setup (A0)
  - Required for the Poster board counts (we need to rent this)
  - All posters+talks will be listed as individual entries on the website. We send an email out with instructions mentioning that "both" -> both sessions. If any objections, let us know by a deadline (Tbc)
  - GitHub link: https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/tree/master/Sessions

- Notifying presenters with all details
  - Posters A0: Danielle will notify the speakers
  - Lightning talks as a pdf and uploaded to the corresponding GitHub repo
    - For example: https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/tree/master/Sessions/2018-05-30/07-Lightning-Talks-Session-1
  - Session chairs can swich their sessions if they are scheduled to talk and chair
    - They will contact their session speakers

- Daily emails to the agenda (survey links, etc) 
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qk3sKRWxrDGVgw_Gz6voPQOV6kJIQveOaTnkgFqZlxw/edit?ts=5af48041

- Communication channels (issue raised by Jason Williams on Slack)
  - "Hey everyone. I volunteered to do something with entertainment or something…. Saw that we have a billion etherpads including this one: http://pad.software-carpentry.org/social_events
General question - do we want to push people to use Slack - rather than Etherpad as (I think) Slack works better on mobile devices, which is what most folks will be using - esp. when looking for pubs
Also, I did start putting together my recommendations for food and drink here: https://jasonjwilliamsny.github.io/ccon-food-and-drink/Bigger question I think is communication channels. IMHO I’d do 1 and only one etherpad for static info
And use slack for dynamic things like meet ups or special interest groups where needed
Just some thoughts. Don’t know if there will be a pre-conference poll on preferred communication channels"

- Reply: "we have one main etherpad: http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon. Someone requested to have another etherpad to store info on the social events to avoid traffic so we created another etherpad just for the discussion on the social events, where I have added info and recommendations. Slack is definitely useful for quick interaction and exchange during the conference, and we have send out the link to Slack hoping we will have more people joining it for the conference"

- Where we would like to utilize Carpentries Staff
    - They can volunteer at the conference like any other participants

- What signage (registration desk, helpdesk etc) do we need?
    - https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/taskforce_misc/signage_for_conference.md
    - We should put together a list of different signs that we need
    - At the pre-conf meet-up we will put the welcome bag together for the conference and put the signs around

### Action points:

  - Danielle will update the schedule for lghtning talks and let us know
  - Danielle will notify the poster presenters
  - On Monday, lighning talk session moderaors will notify their speakers about the suggested talk format with respective github repo
  - All of us should update this repo with the possible signange required for the conference: https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/taskforce_misc/signage_for_conference.md
  - After a week, resend an email with just the link to the survey https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe3cz0Pb3FsMfPtLV1IzIrslBTDbcX6Vz3zk6mmEFnXavCD8g/viewform
  
### Possible agenda for next week

- Update on the AV company: Malvika
- Update on the conference catering company: Malvika
- Need to re-send the response form: based on the current numbers of responses
- Delegating task of organizing participants to diffrent sessions (response form)

### Next call

**Next meeting**: Friday, May 18th 2018

**Call**: [15:00 EET (_San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180511T15&p1=1428&ah=1)
