
### Date of the meeting: April 6, 2018

Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180330T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

- Belinda Weaver
- Tracy Teal
- Mark Laufersweiler
- Malvika Sharan
- Ivo Arrey
- SherAaron Hurt
    
### Apologies:
    
- Fotis: Might be away for a bit to take care of the newborn :)
- Danielle: Shared her plans about promoting the conference via twitter (email)

### Action points that came out of this meeting:

1. Budget: Add caterer's past quote for 150 people: Malvika
  - Discuss the budget and catering options for the next meeting
2. Accesiibility page on the website: Sher
  - Set a meeting with Sher, Malvika, Kari and Tracy: Sher sent an email.
  - update this page: https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/venue.md
3. Create an etherpad for the CarpentryCon: Belinda
  - DONE. http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon
  - She will add it on the webpage.
3. Travel scholarship: finalize the numbers
  - Still ongoing
4. Finalizing poster session (?)
  - Discuss in the next meeting
5. Add the carpentrycon official email id: change the accessibility for allowing people to write to the group: Belinda and Malvika
  - DONE
6. Volunteer coordination:
  - Sher will write a blog. Malvika and Sher met and discussed the points: http://piratenpad.de/p/CarpentryCon_ToDo
7. Update conference poster: Belinda shared the link with the TaskForce to edit the poster
  - Share with the volunteers
8. Create a pre-conference survey:
  - Contact Kari for it

### Agenda:
    1. Add task and email on website for contacting taskforce members
    2. Promoting the meeting more actively
    3. Coordinating with the attendees before they arrive
    4. Childcare and more inclusion activities
    5. Evaluation/survey (could be postponed until next meeting)
    6. Quick chat about readjusting budget for 150 people (earlier estimated for 200 people) 
    
**Point #1**: Add task with the Taskforce members names on the website who could be contacted:

- This refers to a discussion (several comments) from Slack (also the next point): add their email IDs
- Current TaskForce members:  (please add the tasks next to your name)
        - Fotis Psomopoulos (Chair): Visa support, accommodation
        - Malvika Sharan (Secretary): Visa support, Travel scholarship, on-campus accommodation, Diversity and inclusion
        - Belinda Weaver (Carpentries): Website, Sponsorship, Abstract submissions, announcements
        - SherAaron Hurt (Carpentries) sheraaron@carpentries.org: Travel Scholarship, Sponsorship, Childcare, Diversity and inclusion, registration
        - Mark Laufersweiler: on-site speaker/facilitator orginizer, where needed
        - Danielle Quinn: Social media
        - Ivo Arrey: Volunteers, Social media
- Additional contributers:
        - Norman Davey: Venue contact, location sponsor (seed funding)
        - Erin Becker, Kari Jordan, Elizabeth Williams (Carpentries): Travel scholarship
        - Tracy Teal, Greg Wilson, Mateusz Kuzak, Jason Williams, Jonah Duckles, Jamie Hadwin, Rayna Harris, Maneesha Sane (past contributers)

- Email id for Fotis, Belinda and Malvika will add their personal id
- Carpentrycon for emergency

- decide a point of contact and a set of people focused on this (CarpentryCon Accessibility and Inclusivity Committee?)
  - this group of people can also put out a call and recruit others to join
  - should this be the same set of people responsible for CoC?
  - add accessibility section on the website that includes all of this information
  - in that section include a point of contact for questions

- Add a few names for being contacted for inclusion and diversity: designated point of contacted:
  - Diversity and inclusion: Kari, Sher, Malvika
  - recurit more people to the committee
  - Code of conduct allys
  - It will get more people involved
  - Have a meeting to decide how to get this working
  - Link from the main page to GitHub

- The website is getting too big so we can link to the github for larger information
- it is better to have more information than less

- A page for volunteers and coordinating a call with them
- most of us will need team of volunteers
- We are using this for coordinating with volunteers: http://piratenpad.de/p/CarpentryCon_ToDo

- Create etherpad for conference: Belinda already did!
  - they can sign up for different things

**Point #2**: Promoting the meeting more actively

- Email draft to personally invite others (put it on git with the poster)
  - Malvika: https://docs.google.com/document/d/15Ew03hRtI51A_dnGCBJhv6OdJAgRa3zIldrfZoQt1j8/edit
  - Sent the notification to the local organizer and volunteers (do we need more volunteers off campus?)
  - Send the mail to the people who wanted
  - Newsletter
  - Add on the GitHub: Belinda already added
  - QR code on the poster that sends folks to the Carpentries website? Exists
  - We will try to update this
  
- We need to have another push
  - Find dates for the community call: Belinda, Fotis, Malvika
  - First suggestion: 09-13 April
  - Christina and Kari are holding meeting and want to promote CarpentryCon
  
- The UCD accomodation will be unblocked: so far only 5 rooms are booked
  - so far no dates have been given

- Can we add the short blurb on each etherpad of Carpentries for now?
  - It can act as information
  - A page that mentions all the task and ways one can involve in CarpentryCon

- We should think about workshop that attrcats people from Ireland
  - Python, SSI etc.
  - Have a workshop day ticket

**Point #3**: Coordinating with the attendees before they arrive

- Slack
- Twitter page (not going back to facebook)
- I have a rough schedule of "50 day countdown" posts (feature speakers, sessions, things to do in Dublin, information about campus, etc.) [currently at 54 days..!]
- Google group (?)
- Etherpad: http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon
- This can be easily done and added on the website
- we can make several subgroups for people to add their names, email ids, and country of their residence:
- This will help also with the icebreaker (story circle)
- a few of those subgroup can be used for putting the topic specific tables for people to socialize during the breaks
- Make a repo for all the signage required for the conference
- The volunteers can be assigned to put these around

- Channels/subgroup topic ideas:
- New member of Carpentries
- Members of mentoring program
- Research Software Engineers
- Parents traveling with kids and/or caregivers
- People with specific medical requirements
- note from Erin via Danielle: discussions re: informal meetups of different groups (trainers, mentors, etc.) at the conference

**Point #4**: Childcare and more inclusion activities

- In our mission statement we say that "we run accessible, inclusive workshops". Where for workshops we provide information for hosts and instructors on how to approach workshops this way, we have the opportunity with CarpentryCon to model those values.
  - Comment from April Wright (slack channel)

- Ask Mary-Beth about the room availabilities: sent an email
  - Her response: " With regards to your questions
  - Childcare  - this is not a facility that we offer or are insured for
  - Medical - all Estates staff are first aid trained. However if you feel that you would like a Medic on standby, I can organise this through the Dublin Medicall facility - usual rates are approx â‚¬300 per day 
  - Quiet room/Prayer Rooms: 
    - Please see attached link for UCD Muslim/Islamic Prayer Room: http://map.ucdestates.ie/index.php?texto=Prayer+room&Category=0&Category1=0&Category2=0&Category3=0&Service
    - Our Chaplaincy prayer room  - St Stephens: http://map.ucdestates.ie/index.php?texto=St+Stephen&Category=0&Category1=0&Category2=0&Category3=0&ServiceType=0
  - Preferably book an extra room on the venue site, next to a changing room/toilet with running water (sent a request)

- Some pointers from this paper that can be highlighted on the website: http://www.pnas.org/content/115/12/2845
  - Tracy Teal provided this link of check list: https://childcareconundrum.github.io/checklists/
    - Baby wearing is cool, we encourage that in CarpentryCon
    - Some travel grants could be directly aiming to expecting mothers, mothers traveling with their children and/or caregivers (?)s
    - Hotel Talbot provides childcare facility
    - Should we go ahead and block a couple more rooms for nursing and medical attendence?: 
    - referring to this: "dedicated space, as will those women who prefer to breastfeed in private."
    - We have asked the location about it already. We need to identify resources that can help us sort these issues (local redcross etc.).
    - Will check about lockers at the venue: have dropped an email to the volunteers
    - We can contact the caterers for warm water supplies (when we know how many mothers are joining with their babies)
    - List family friendly activity for parents with kids
    - "does your antiharassment policy include explicit statements that breastfeeding parents are welcome, and that no one should ask them to leave or make them feel uncomfortable?"

**Point #5**: Evaluation Plan

- We can start thinking now about an evaluation plan. 
  - Definitely want a post CarpentryCon survey. 
  - Should we ask skill-up and breakout session leads to provide 1-3 questions on their learning objectives or goals for the session? If so when and how should we do that?
  - Do we also want a pre-CarpentryCon survey to see what people are excited about or what expectations are?
    - Likely Kari can draft a survey as a starting point
  - Evaluation plan ideas: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WbCsIF4l8rTEcAp2p5G2aBB2HH_qEU0KEY60LPEXnik/edit

- 6. Quick chat on the Budget

  - AV services
    - $12,000 maximum
  - Next meeting should figure out where the dinner will be; likely below $10,000 Euro for 150 people for one option
  - Belinda will update the budget on her Monday
  - Conference dinner: need to check other options, we will not use Guinness Storehouse
    - other options: With smaller number of attendees this may work, most of the locations donot have a capacity for 200+ people
    - The cheapest option is from Guinness, we haven't inquired for the University location for the dinner
