### Date of the meeting: Tuesday, July 17th, 2018
Single Call:  23:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 13:00, Thessaloniki Fri 23:00, Brisbane Wed: 06.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180717T23&p1=1428&ah=1


### Attending

- Fotis
- Malvika
- Tracy
- Elizabeth
- Sher!
- Mark

## Apologies

- Danielle
- Ivo

### Post-Conference Agenda:

- CarpentryCon budget debrief (Elizabeth)
     - budget overview https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bSpzO3YOv7IiU3yz6d4ZvvUXRT06hBrw42hriGxQr6Q/edit#gid=0 (won't be put on the git and removed after the meeting)
      - also has detailed breakdown in Quickbooks
      - for staff travel, which staff are being covered on staff travel
e.g. Sher!, Belinda: Taskforce
Elizabeth and Tracy
    important to identify people who had a role in CarpentryCon work and supporting those people as budget justification

## Saved Fund from the Conference

- Assign the saved money to that for the 2020. Don't assign fixed amount to people but ask them to either book their flights or help them by travel agent. Always waive the registration fee for the travel grant awardee.
- Elizabeth will visit the idea of travel agent or booking site (it is being worked on for the staff too) and we can use them for 2020
- In agreement that we should encumber the $15,000 excess as the seed funding for CarpentryCon 2020. 
   -- might be some up front costs, so in that $15,000 could allocate some of that to the up front costs (reserving catering or lodging), and the rest for travel scholarships
- most pressing up front costs are for travel scholarships, because people need advance planning
- could be statement to next task force recommending that most of it be used for travel scholarships

### CarpentryConnects: 

- Task force ongoing for approving CarpentryConnects (maybe other ways of interacting)?
- TaskForce will be involved in an an ongoing tasks around CarpentryCon+Connects
- Have a CarpentryConnect debriefing meetings. Like discussion sessions for workshops.
- Could be people from this committee as well as executive council
- Create a guideline, checklist and prerequisites (for example: get a appointment from the Taskforce member to discuss the overview/values/planning/resources, budget consulting from Elizabeth, CoC consulting from Subcommittee member)
  - have a draft in August, announce and community call in September
- if people have questions about CarpentryConnect, point them at this committee - the CarpentryCon task force email list
    - Malvika, Fotis, Sher! and Mark will outline a process
- Focus would be about values rather than content
- outline the values / process not the content
- Could have a form template that people fill out that 
- Create an email list with few of us in CarpentryConnects (separate from CarpentryCon) TopicBox
- invite Danielle and Ivo too
- Start planning now for venue (and travel scholarships?) for 2020
- Look for venue: word of mouth, and think about bidding form towards the end of this year
- Recruiting new members for 2020 planning

### September Community Call on "CarpentryCon: 

- Success story, CarpentryConnects and 2020 planning" can end with the announcement for joining the TaskForce
Could be 'join call and learn how you can be involved in planning CarpentryCon 2020 or organizing a local CarpentryConnect'. Plan this for Sept

### Post-event report

- Putting up videos of keynotes (except Anelda's) on YouTube
- All videos: https://oc.embl.de/index.php/s/TUWrglsHbsGtpqe
- Shared Anelda's video with her to ask for her response, but she hasn't given a feedback yet
- The video quality could be improved but since it's been compressed its not in the original format anymore
- debriefing plans
- Minimimum viable debriefing: Timeline: what happended in a year, budget planning, Survey, gender and demographic distribution (eventbrite), what worked and didn't
- Could get out the debriefing document (might need to remove personal rants)
- Would want to capture incident reports as well potentially
- We need to empower our attendees, that others rather than organizers can help them
- I agree that we need to be sensitive and figure out best tools and approach to equip people (help them in profession development)
- offer potential solutions- timelines on getting out the debriefing for next week (Malvika, maybe Belinda)
- post CarpentyCon survey and demographics
