### Date of the meeting: Friday, June 15th 2018

Single Call:  [15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180615T15&p1=1428&ah=1)

Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending

  - Fotis
  - Malvika
  - Mark
  - Belinda
  - Tracy
  - Sher!

### Apologies

  - Ivo


### Post-Conference Agenda

#### Date/time of follow-up calls
  - Night time in Europe is fine for Fotis and Malvika
  - For our next zoom call, consider week of 16 - 20 July 2018.
  - Works for everyone on call:
    - Fotis (_11 pm Tue_): ok
    - Malvika (_10 pm Tue_): ok
    - Mark: ok
    - Tracy  (_1 pm Tue_): ok
    - Belinda (_6 am Wed_): ok
    - Sher (_3 pm Tue_): ok
    - Danielle
  - Final date/time, [Tuesday July 17th](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180717T23&p1=1428&ah=1)

  - From then onwards:
    - Every week for a first few weeks and then phase out
    - Not everyone needs to be on call as next few weeks will be busy

#### Debrief document
  - How to summarize the different aspects?
    - Create a dedicated [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sm1saUP6gtSkBrhTBE_8LKmK_PMaEmp_UUkx9WOW4oA/edit#heading=h.rgoeqrnkpr3q)
    - Connect the [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sm1saUP6gtSkBrhTBE_8LKmK_PMaEmp_UUkx9WOW4oA/edit#heading=h.rgoeqrnkpr3q) to a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/issues/119)
    - Open debrief document is to be shared with CarpentryConnect
    - **All**: Compile the debrief document



#### CarpentryCon Photos

  - Where do we want to store / share the photos from Berenice?
    - She is hosting it on [Flickr connected to her webpage](https://www.flickr.com/photos/134305289@N03/sets/72157667641880727/), she still owns the rights hence we shouldn't move it anywhere else but share the link with credits.


#### Post event assessment

  - Kari has received responses from less the 50% of total participants
    - The [conference-as-a-whole survey](https://www.surveycrest.com/s/2018carpentryconfeedback) will be promoted through the upcoming newsletter
  - Get some statistics from Eventbrite data
    - Gender, location, age distribution and workshop attendance data


#### Summarizing GitHub

  - Keynote Talks are available [here](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/Sessions/KeynoteSlides.md).
    - Tracy, TaskForce, Lightning and keynote
    - Anelda will add her talk in a few days
  - All information currently available on the GitHub repo should be condensed as a single page with links to the actual pages
    - This will be a resource that could be used for blogs/articles

#### Settling budget

  - Settling budget/leftover work from the conference etc.
  - We can ask Elizabeth to put this together in the next month or so


#### Summarizing Sessions

  - Check with the leads
  - Skill-ups and Breakout session could be blog post (series)
    - follow up with presenters/facilitators etc to post their materials in the GitHub repo.
    - Have gotten a few inquiries regarding the R sessions in particular.
    - Belinda will ask for that in the newsletter too
  - Ask Danielle for her slides. She and Francois can write up a blog post
  - Mark will follow up with skill up and break out session leads to get slides and ask if they want to write a blog post or summary


#### Consolidation of CarpentryCon tools

  - Consolidation of tools, resources, sites, repos, etc.
  - Currently we have:
    - 2 GitHub repos
    - 2 Slack channels / groups
  - Maybe shut down some of them?
  - Overall information to be added in the guide
  - CarpentryCon group/organization will be archived and stored under the GitHub repo


#### CarpentryConnects

  - Such as the upcoming [Johannesburg CarpentryConnect](http://carpentryconnectza.org/)
    - What guidance should we give, what infrastructure, what should be required, who should oversee?

  - There should be feedback to the TaskForce on the CarpentryConnect
  - It should have code of conduct
  - Have a few guideline set: initial checklist
  - Should propose and get the ok to do a CarpentryConnect, and set a meeting to touch base on this, also potentially a CoC workshop for the organizers
  - keep the CarpentryCon email to have a central contact where people can get guidance
  - minimal requirements to be a CarpentryConnect
  - The CarpentryCon task force will be the one to get emails about CarpentryConnects and respond to requests or questions about running them, including when it is appropriate to run them
  - Likely want to make sure they're not running too close to the global CarpentryCon meeting


### Actions

  1. **Fotis**: Send out the gdoc to the mailing list for people to put info in.
  2. **Sher**: will be sending out Kari's email to all participants through Eventbrite
  3. **Kari**: is getting the statistics from the surveymonkey data
  4. Get the Eventbrite statistics data (gender, location, age distribution) and workshop attendance data
  5. **Mark**: Connect with session leads for summarizing sessions (at minimum, provide Slidedecks)
  6. **All**: Compile the debrief document
  7. **Belinda**: Include in the upcoming newsletter
    - a call for sesion leads to post their material in the GitHub repo
    - the [conference-as-a-whole survey](https://www.surveycrest.com/s/2018carpentryconfeedback) link



### Future Actions

  - After completing the debrief document (beginning of September 2018)
    - Writing CarpentryCon guide
    - Potential "10 simple rules to CarpentryCon"
    - A possible round table for us to reflect, discuss and record our zoom session


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Tuesday July 17th

**Call**:  [23:00 EEST (_San Francisco Fri 13:00, Thessaloniki Fri 23:00, Brisbane Wed :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180717T23&p1=1428&ah=1)
