### Date of the meeting: Tuesday, 25 September, 2018
Single Call:  [20:00 UTC (_San Francisco Tue 13:00, Thessaloniki Tue 23:00, Brisbane Wed: 06.00 (next day)_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon+Task+Force&iso=20180925T20&p1=1440)

Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

1. Belinda
2. Arindam Basu
3. Bianca Peterson
4. Fotis Psomopoulos
5. Jana Makar
6. Sher!
7. Mark Laufersweiler
8. Tracy Teal
9. Aleksandra Nenadic
10. Malvika Sharan


### Apologies:

1. Dennis Irorere


### Discussion

#### Introductions!

- **Aleksandra Nenadic**: SSI in the UK. Leading the training team there. The SSI wants to organize a CarpentryConnect event for around June, 2019. Wants to pick people's brains for CarpentryConnect. Anyone interested in joining program or steering committee.
- **Jana Makar**: New Zealand eScience. Works with NeSI. Hasn't been involved in training yet. But as an org wants to be more involved in that. Thought maybe she could help with CarpentryCon and build some relationships with overall affiliation.
- **Bianca Peterson**: Postdoc in North-West University in South Africa. Wants to hear about CarpentryCon and how it compares with CarpentryConnect in Johannesberg. 24 of 26 universities in South Africa attended. Hopes it will help universities run workshops.
- **Mark L**: started on a CarpentryCon to do a short notice CarpentryCon, and kept on the task force from that very beginning. We've learned a lot through the organizing the first one - about start, stop and continue, and want to help guide the next set of people on CarpentryCon and CarpentryConnects.
- **Sher!**: Workshop administrator for The Carpentries. Excited to help people on making CarpentryConnects easier and work with the group planning 2020.
- **Belinda**: Currently Carpentries Community and Communications lead. Starting a new role at Brisbane libraries after Oct 5th. Also learned a lot and has shared in all our debriefing.
- **Fotis**: Came onboard to learn things, but stayed for the community and connections. Hoping CarpentryCon 2020 even more amazing.

- A [video link from CarpentryCon 2018](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c37BdRNSnMg&t=34s)

#### Carpentry Connect Events

1. Carpentry Connect Johannesburg
[Event URL](http://carpentryconnectza.org/)

- **5 day event**.
  - First three days were parallel SWC, DC social science and LC workshops.
  - Last two days were instructor training.
  - Not involved in organization, but asked to come and visit, then help out and then teach. :) It was amazing! The venue was great. Blog post is coming out soon.

- How many people were there?
  - Probably about 80

- Need money to run these events. Lock in sponsorship early. Was funding/grant for this event that Anelda and Juan got. Funding from RCCP and SADiLAR
  - "_CarpentryConnect Johannesburg 2018 is co-funded by the Rural Campuses Connection Project II (RCCPII) and the South African Centre for Digital Language Resources (SADiLAR) and jointly organised by these organisations along with the Digital Humanities Organisation of Southern Africa._"

- As an instructor, were there any areas you would have liked to see things done differently, or that were great? Things for people at future events to think about?
  - About 18 participants in DC workshop. Went from spreadsheets to Python and was a bit too big of a jump. She shared her experience in her first workshop, and that it was hard for her, that personal story encouraged them. Asked them nicely to come back the second day. OpenRefine boosted their confidence, then continued with Python, then things fell into place. If had stuck with original schedule might have encouraged them a bit more. At SWC workshop, a lot of IT people and a lot of men. A bit difficult. LC was a huge crowd. Spoke with many of them. Really enjoyed LC, especially the OpenRefine. Coffee breaks and lunches were held at the same time for all 3 Carpentry (LC, SWC, DC) workshops to allow participants from the different workshops to network.

- Agree with @Fotis @Mark - majority of CarpentryConnectJHB participants (according to my knowledge) were introduced to The Carpentries for the first time at this event. Thus doing the base DC, LC and SWC workshops were suitable for our audience. I spent 5 minutes showing participants the @thecarpentries website and handbook - how to become involved in the community, signing up as a mentee (especially for those who were going to do instructor training for the next 2 days), hosting/requesting workshops, etc.

2. Carpentry Connect Davis
[Event URL](http://ivory.idyll.org/dibsi/CarpentryConWest.html)

- Mix of workshop on leading edge topics: Binder, Jupyter notebook, keynote, unconference style breakout sessions
- About 40 people
- Worked very well
- Gave a good chance to meet people locally and chat informally
- Sher: wanted to add the different kind of CarpentryConnect: Mixture of two CarpentryCon and connect
- It had opportunity to learn about both the teaching and keynotes
- Mark: it's great to have both formats (SA and Davis) and worked well for the geographical locations. Should depend on the audience.
  - We can develop the idea based on where we are trying to organise this
- Fotis: Support Mark's comment, but it should depend on the host.
  - There should be place for ad-hoc decision making

#### Follow-up discussion

- Overall seems like a mix of the workshops, breakouts and talks is good. Something like [RezBaz](https://resbaz.github.io/resbaz2018/)
  - Could be a good group to connect up with. Many similarities. Events and community building.
  - Mainly organized by University of Melbourne.
  - Belinda created a [ResBaz cookbook](https://resbaz.github.io/resbaz2018/) for how to run these. A good resource.

- Fotis, Malvika: CarpentryConnect should reflect expectations of participants. Should be a little more than workshops. Not just a platform to learn, but also to share.

- Aleks: Still at planning stage. Looking for sponsors to get their money back or create a better experience. Started talking to Sher! about how CarpentryConnects are organized. What can they borrow? SSI has their own way of running events. Tend to run unconferences, where they have some product by the end. How much freedom in running these events. How much does the Carpentries want to have a hand in this. Currently looking for sponsors. By end of Oct hope to have one or two who are interested. Will know by end of Oct if SSI round 3 will be approved. Planning an event like this is very in line with their goals anyway. Started to get some people involved in helping to plan. Knows she can't do it alone. Lex, Mateusz, Toby
  Training managers as well as reaserchers. Hoping people from Europe interested in this too. Have instructors but need a push to take this new places. Lack of knowledge or funds. Need to talk to people who are running workshops, and institutions who are running these events, and connect with each other.
  Thinking a 3 day event. Emphasis on creating or improving materials. Some Bug BBQs or individual sessions on a domain.

- Mark: How did we figure out for CarpentryCon. Started with figuring out length, then put things into a calendar and see what could fit where and what the priorties are. Having a list of goals, and bringing people on board, and thinking about what are the most important things. Also helped with picking the venue. Need breakout rooms, big spaces? Wanted to fill the program type than the topic areas. BOF, workshops, skill building

- Fotis: Basically created the skeleton / placeholder agenda first, and filled in the actual sessions/content after "consulting" with the community as well

- Bianca: Agree with @Fotis @Mark - majority of CarpentryConnectJHB participants (according to my knowledge) were introduced to The Carpentries for the first time at this event. Thus doing the base DC, LC and SWC workshops were suitable for our audience. I spent 5 minutes showing participants the @thecarpentries website and handbook - how to become involved in the community, signing up as a mentee (especially for those who were going to do instructor training for the next 2 days), hosting/requesting workshops, etc.

- Belinda: Try to find event resources here: https://github.com/carpentries/community-cookbook

#### CarpentryCon

- Current people on the committee would also be interested in one-on-ones to help or answer questions with CarpentryConnects in their region.

- Still need to get more people to join the task force. Belinda is putting together a form for people to fill out if they're interested and a blog post.
  - We could also have a 'why were we on the task force'

- Onboarding CarpentryCon 2020 volunteers
  - Dennis Irorere



### Future Agenda Items

Carpentry Connect
- Developing Outline for what is mandatory
- What is standard
- Resources
  - Website Template
  - Sponsorship Verbiage
  - CarpentryCon Repo
    - Maybe create a CarpentryConnect Repo?
- [Email list carpentryconnects@lists.carpentries.org](mailto:carpentryconnects@lists.carpentries.org)
  - Who should be on this group?
    - Group Members can send messages to the group
    - Non Members must wait for review


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Tuesday, 23 October, 2018

**Call**: [20:00 UTC (_San Francisco Tue 13:00, Thessaloniki Tue 23:00, Brisbane Wed: 06.00 (next day)_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon+Task+Force&iso=20181023T20&p1=1440)
