### Date of the meeting: Friday, April 20th 2018
Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180420T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

1. Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
2. Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)


### Apologies:

1. Malvika Sharan (traveling, added a few pointa and action items)
2. Danielle
3. Ivo


### Agenda
1. CarpentryCon registered participants
2. Deciding chairs for the sessions
3. Circulate the printed poster
4. Benefits for the volunteers and partners
5. Update on ELIXIR


### Discussion

#### CarpentryCon registered participants
  - Update from Sher! based on the diversity discussion April 19th
    - A to Z of CarpentryCon (etherpad link of diversity TaskForce)
    - create a cheat sheet for volunteers on github (Sher suggested to laminate them)
    - Send an email to registered participants with the [Etherpad link](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon)
      - Sher has already added a few things on the etherpad
      - We might want to put the links to the following git pages
        - [Accessibility page](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/venue.md)
          TaskForce members can add the missing bits to this page
        - Useful links to info that is not in the accessibility page: brainstorm this!
          - Mark to put a few points on climate. Volunteers/Local from UCD can further update this.
          - twitter
          - free walking tour

    **Getting the number of family members on site**
      - we need number of children who will be brought to the campus: to sort any insurance related issue from the venue
        - Nora Mcgregor sent an email about childcare (3.5-year old)
      - partner/member: we can help organizing things for them at the conference (see the last point)

#### Deciding chairs for the sessions
    - Marked as TF members and names currently are only suggestive [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G80RPvP8DMPZ89i2vfStdT_6ComP4qsI8ioEvUep2Vw)
    - This point to be discussed in the next call.


#### Printed posters
  - Sher has sent about 10 posters to UCD and volunteers from Dublin
  - Q: **where else do we need to send the promotional items and who will take Care of that**
    - _Maybe to target communities & Foundation members in the UK (such as SSI)_
  - For the banners and signage:
    - **Malvika** and **Fotis** will contact the local organizers and ask if we will have access to the printer there
    - other option will be to send the package to UCD


#### Benefits for the volunteers and partners:
  - Access to the keynote lectures:
    - we will have over 100 empty seats in the lecture theater, we can allow volunteers and partners as well as interested members from UCD, to attend the keynote
  - we will have volunteer badges:
    - can we arrange some swag t-shirts for volunteer, it will help everyone in identifying them?
    - they can attend the workshop or sessions that they volunteer to help in (coordinating with the chairs, summarizing the session, help collecting feedback etc.)
  - will book tables at the conference site restaurant for the members who might wanna hangout there
  - we can put the Participants traveling with their partners/family members in touch to let them make their own plan
    - add a point on the [CarpentryCon etherpad](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon)


#### ELIXIR
  - They are considering of asking to have a [workshop on lesson development](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nz1kqKz_hbr3vDOoPJhQm9SEm5h4jn6XxRfu1BUFxks/edit#). This is a current activity within ELIXIR, and they will let us know by mid next week at the absolute latest.
    - The will have a booth and send over swag and material
    - at least two lightning talks will be submitted as well as a poster.


### Action points that came out of this meeting:

1. (@all) For emails / inquiries that are send to the general CarpentryCon mailing list, any reply should also cc the mailing list so that we can track who has answered.

2. set a meeting with Mary Beth:
  - get the exact room names and numbers (list them on the website)
  - get an extra room for medical and nursing purpose
  - check how many people will be available from the venue
  - check if the venue can be used for installing the exhibitors tables, registration desk, signage and posters a day before
  - check the printing option on site
    **Malvika** and **Fotis** will contact the local organizers and ask if we will have access to the printer there

3. confirm catering for registered numbers
    - the cheapest option is still Guinness for the conference dinner, other options are over 50 euros per person
  - confirm AV service

4. check with Suzanne about accommodation: will we have someone from their end who will take care of coordinating with the people

5. Create a list (Github?) of items that we need for the conference, when should we order them and how (amazon for stationaries, parcel from the carpentries, swag from the sponsor)
  - Identify address, package senders, dates etc. for delivering packages (merch, poster, badges, swag) to UCD.
  - Arrange some swag t-shirts for volunteer, polo shirts for leads?
    - we need to identify local vendors that will provide that (in the US they usually require ~6 weeks to do that)

6. finish the accessibility page and write the draft blog
  - **Mark** to put a few points on climate in the accessibility page. Volunteers/Local from UCD can further update this.

7. CarpentryCon community calls

8. Diversity at CarpentryCon call


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Friday, April 27th 2018

**Call**:  [15:00 EET (_San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180427T15&p1=1428&ah=1)
