### Date of the meeting: Thursday, March 1st
_**Call Time**: 22:00 EEST (San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180301T22&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan)
- Danielle (@daniellequinn88)
- SherAaron Hurt
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)
- Elizabeth Williams (ewilliams@carpentries.org)
- Ivo Arrey
- Belinda Weaver (@cloudaus)


### Apologies


### Agenda

1. Reimbursement form
2. Travel scholarships
3. Venue
4. Program
5. Accommodation
6. Childcare
7. Other points

### Discussion points:


#### **Point #1**: _Reimbursement Form_
  - Elizabeth joined us to discuss the reimbursement (legal issue related to the finance)
  - There is a template of the form that Sher is adapting for CarpentryCon
    - This [reimbursement form](https://goo.gl/forms/6biVzUzOnJHLddUK2) should be filled by the vendors/anyone before making a purchase
    - The receipt can be emailed to Elizabeth
  - Reimbursement will be done **after** the conference
  - We will discuss the '_deposit/downpayment_' part later
  - Any costs over 1000USD will require a contract in place
  - Sher to recreate the form to include the receipt after the purchase have been approved
  - **Include Elizabeth on the response links**

#### **Point #2**: _Travel scholarships_
  - Generally the participants pay for everything and then get reimbursed by submitting all the documents
  - The travel scholarship will depend on where the students are coming from
  - **CarpentryCon will only subsidize the travel expense (not pay 100%)**
  - There will be a fixed scholarship but different for different people
  - There should be check-in desk:
    - Special desk for travel scholarship awardees
    - Have a check list for the students (signatures from everyone who receives the list)
    - Check out on the last day: collect mailing address, information
  - Mode
    - Checks can be mailed after a week or given on the last day
    - Bank transfer through CI cost 50 dollars overhead - _to avoid if possible_
    - The reimbursement will not require receipt

    - **Rubric for travel subsidy requests**
      - Amend wording to be "scholarship" in order to avoid dealing with tax issues associated with "subsidy"

#### **Point #3**: _Venue_
  - AV companies have been contacted, 2 companies are available and will give us a quote after communicating with the UCD event team
  - Liability insurance: UCD charges the insurance charges


#### **Point #4**: _Program_
  [Google Sheet with Session Leads](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G80RPvP8DMPZ89i2vfStdT_6ComP4qsI8ioEvUep2Vw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Carolyn McQuaw: need to confer with her manager regarding taking the time away, will let us know as soon as possible (Skill-Up 1: Project Leadership and/or Skill-Up 4: Leading a Research Lab)
  - Peter Steinbach, Christina Koch and Daniel Smith had a first coordination call on the HPC sessions:
    - One of the focal points of the discussion was the idea to have an overview of the two lessons that are "in the wild" in the breakout session ([HPC Intro](https://hpc-carpentry.github.io/hpc-intro/) and [HPC in a Day]( https://psteinb.github.io/hpc-in-a-day/)), and then use the workshop to see how we could merge and rubber-stamp them. Christina mentioned that she had a blog post that she'd finished which summarises the current status of things that she would like to post soon.
    - **Question #1**: As part of that post we were hoping to add a link to where we could get feedback from potential participants. We were wondering if the organisers have thought of some means to do that? Or is the right thing to create an issue in the [CarpentryCon repo](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon)?
    - Question #2: Give some description/abstract for the sessions on http://www.carpentrycon.org/ ?
  - Greg Wilson: scope out topic
  - R Workshop: survey for topics - blog post to communicate with community and ask for feedback
  - Create a slack channel for CarpentryCon for taskforce and session leads to communicate and allow participants join
  - Have the session leads write a session abstract, can be hosted on the github/conference website
  - Assign a couple of people from teh committee to take care of the program (contact person for the sessions and speaker)
  - Have a feedback form for the evaluation of a session

#### **Point #5**: _Accommodation_

  - **Clayton Hotel Ballsbridge**: 40 rooms per night @ €169 Bed & full Irish Breakfast.
  - **Talbot Hotel Stillorgan**: 35 rooms per night from 29/05/2018 to 01/06/2018 (with checkout on June 1st) @ €139 BB for Twin or Double Room and €149 BB for Triple Room
    - both confirmed and on the CarpentryCon website (**cutoff date April 18th**)

    - Radisson Blu St. Helen Hotel: 25 guest rooms  (includes King , twin  & family room options )
      - Double / Twin Room Occupancy  -  €215.00 per night
      - Family room ( catering for up to 2 adults  &  2 children  ) - €230.00 per room  per night
      - the above rates are based on a minimum 2 night stay
      - these are reduced rates; they would provide code
    - We can put them up on the website: makes us look good :) also good for people who can afford it
    - Ask for a cut off date

  - Closer to the event we start releasing the rooms if we have to

  - **UCD accomodation**: Ms. Shorten hasn't yet provided a link for the booking. Should hear from her tomorrow. Delay due to adverse weather in Ireland (_Alas Dublin and all of Ireland is currently in lockdown with the worst weather for 37+ years_)

#### **Point #6**: _Childcare_
  - Childcare / quote for costs (important to offer this for people travelling with kids)
  - Hotels generally have child care, Fotis can check with them

#### **Point #7**: _Other Points_
  - [Volunteer Responsibilities (on-campus and off-campus][https://piratenpad.de/p/CarpentryCon_ToDo]
  - Social media plan: do it closer in time
    - Twitter account: **yes**
    - Twitter handle: _no_
  - Photographer
  - Budget/Catering
    - Quotes for all the events are received
    - We still have to wait to decide on the conference dinner
      - 2 options: Guinness and UCD campus catering

### Action points:

1. Reimbursement form

2. Travel scholarships

3. Venue

4. Program
  - Contact the session leads: Confirming their sessions, ask them to write a short abstract
  - Belinda to contact Christina for a blog post on the HPC sessions

5. Accommodation
  - Fotis get Radisson Blu on board with the lower rates

6. Childcare
  - Fotis will contact the hotels about potential child care, and bring Sher into contact

7. Other points
  - Belinda/Sher to create a Slack channel for CarpentryCon in the SWC Slack group, for communication between TF members and session leads
  - Plan a "social media volunteer group" closer in time


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Thursday, March 8th

**Call**:  [22:00 EEST (_San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180308T22&p1=1428&ah=1)
