### Date of the meeting: Thursday, March 15th
_**Call Time**: 22:00 EEST (San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180315T22&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Malvika Sharan (@sharan)
- Sher!
- Ivo Arrey
- Danielle
- Belinda
- Mark  Laufersweiler

### Apologies


### Agenda

1. Change in the scheduled time
2. Advertising CarpentryCon to the community
3. Diversity on website
4. Accommodation
5. Program
6. Sponsorship
7. Budget
8. Attending conference workshop for free
9. Venue
10. Travel scholarship
11. Swag

### Discussion points:

#### **Point #1**: _Change in the scheduled time_
  - Discuss change in the scheduled time of the call (Daylight saving time)
    - [All time zones](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=3&day=21&year=2018&p1=224&p2=75&p3=64&p4=179&p5=136&p6=37&p7=26&p8=152&iv=0)
    - Next call on: https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180322T15&p1=1428&ah=1

#### **Point #2**: _Advertising CarpentryCon to the community_
  - Engage the community for pushing/promoting CarpentryCon
    - Have the executive committee connect to their networks
    - Belinda create the list of people and the email to be send
    - Newsletter blast focusing only on CarpentryCon
    - Create a Facebook event for CarpentryCon
  - Someone in Ireland to push it in the local/UK community
    - Norman?
    - Institutions in Ireland
      - **Malvika** to have a call with the volunteers and have them help in that (probably next week)
  - Have Neil from SSI to push it out as well
  - **Belinda** to put together a package
  - Extend early bird for a week?
  - Newsletter, special edition on CarpentryCon
  - Meetup, facebook event
    - send a package to UCD volunteers to advertise the event
  - Community call: **Belinda** will set this up!
  - Twitter account: set this up now and push it! **Danielle** will set it up
    - share the login with the taskforce

#### **Point #3**: _Diversity on website_
  - Concern submitted from Rayna: _"All the speakers are white and that the photo on the Carpentry website contains only white people. Is there any way you change the photo on the website to be something that better illustrates the diversity of the Carpentry community?"_
    - Belinda changed the picture (EMBL SwC workshop)
      - Credit to be added: "_Photo by: EMBL Photolab, Heidelberg. SwC-2017_"
  - We should probably show on the map the geographical distribution of the speakers.
    - Probably have a diversity statement and map to ensure the visibility of our efforts
  - We should also include the confirmed session chairs and the members of organizing our committee in this map
    - have a task force page with connections to the map.
  -Kari provided feedback:
    1. State our commitment to facilitating a diverse, welcoming, and inclusive environment at CarpentryCon. One simple sentence in the About section of the website will send a strong message to attendees.
    2. In the keynote speakers section, explicitly state what attendees should expect to learn or gain from the speakers talk. It may help divert attention from the fact that we have no speakers of color. Each of our speakers was chosen because they've made major accomplishments and they have a lot of insight to bring. That needs to be clear in their bios. Why should I want to listen to these speakers? What value will I gain from attending their keynote?
    3. Showcase other speakers from underrepresented groups. We have breakout sessions with community members of color (I'm assuming?) I know I'm doing a breakout session with Toby and there may be others. We could have a section on the website -something like "other program highlights"- where we simply have a photo of the session chair/speaker, the title of their session, and a link to their Twitter/GitHub.
      - **[Twitter account "Countdown to CarpentryCon" can feature a different speaker / session lead each week?]**
    4. I reviewed the website and I see no issues with gendered language. Great job!
    5. Under the Draft program tab I suggest adding that abstracts for posters/lightning talks are due May 4th.
    6. Add an inner faith prayer and meditation room to the agenda, provided we have space at UCD for such space.
      - Ask for extra room (~50E per day)
    7. Identify your process for addressing accessibility needs. There is space on the registration page for people to type in their accessibility needs. Who is looking at that information and ensuring we can handle requests? Place language on the website to that effect.
    8. Do we have 'diversity-focused' sponsors to highlight?
    9. The image on the homepage is a huge improvement. [Here](https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/diversity-people-group-team-union-concept-374588935?src=gtV6J5f-RKX5hfTOFTsH3Q-1-3 ) is another example of a great image. It shows a diversity of age, gender, cultural identity, etc. I don't recommend spending more time finding another image.
      - We will use our own pics
    _"These are just a few things. I'm happy to help brainstorm more if you'd like. The point is that our efforts should be weaved throughout the website and the program. I do not recommend having a separate "diversity" page. It should be a thread of who we are and what we do, not something we force or have to put a separate hat on to accomplish."_

#### **Point #4**: _Accommodation_
  - On campus accommodation option is available for online booking: https://ucd.events/?3505796521445873576
  - Someone from Arizona tried to book but got an error
    - notified the UCD member, who have responded to it!
      - someone should check it actually works.
    - **specify the exact dates that are valid for the booking process**

#### **Point #5**: _Program_
  - Program Link
    - There were two in the Google drive. Please use this [link](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B6m0487UGPkgcnpHb3AtVGxFRWc)
    - Added it on the top of this pad
  - Add a list of important dates on the website (Use Conference Registration and other key dates)
    - see [here](https://www.iscb.org/ismb2018-keydates) for reference
    - Missing dates:
      - Abstract submission: _4 May, 2018_ (as per the submission form)
        - **Explicitly specify that people needing visa should submit early**
      - Announcement to the selected abstract: _rolling announcements, hard deadline May 9th_
      - Priority travel scholarship application: March 15 _(extend it for two more weeks)_
      - Announcement to the travel scholarship awardees: _April 16_

#### **Point #6**: _Sponsorship_
  - Received 1575 Euros to cover the location cost
    - See the [original application](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19x6jsHHzTGZFxRf8b0TyqPBlCTJGB0makDHkacKPLH4/edit?usp=sharing) (draft by Fotis, Norman and Malvika, to which Belina, Tracy and Jason commented)
  - As a [SFI](http://www.sfi.ie/funding) fellow, Norman was entitled to request grant for on campus events
    - Through him we had requested 2500 (1500 for the location cost and 1000 for covering expense of a keynote)
    - Add SFI/Norman to the sponsor's list?

#### **Point #7**: _Budget_
  - **AV service**:
    - need to select the requirement (please see the [quote](https://app.asana.com/0/586977025886249/586977025886252))
    - Malvika needs somebody to work on this with, as the quote is still a bit higher than our budget
    - The company has provided all the alternatives (plenty of rooms to exclude some items)
  - **Conference Dinner**:
    - Need to decide on this
    - Contacted other hotels which are more expensive than Guinness so we will not consider those
    - Guinness has given us 2 quotes:
      - This requires us to arrange transportation for the participants
      - Some people have objection about _'promoting alcohol'_ with this venue but if we go for this, we need to promote it as a cultural experience without any pressure of alcohol consumption.
        - We have received several non-alcoholic, non-meat options from the catering service
      - If we want to organize it on campus, we need to get in touch with the venue and ask for permission
        - look for different catering services (contacts have been collected) + options for entertainment + AV cost

#### **Point #8**: _Attending conference workshop for free_
  - Joining the conference without registering
    - Tickets for last day on spot registration
      - Extend early bird for a week?

#### **Point #9**: _Venue_
  - Contact people from the location for
    - Childcare
    - Location accessibility

#### **Point #10**: _Travel scholarship_
    - Priority deadline is March 15 (today), will start reviewing and ranking on Monday
      - Will extend for another 2 weeks in case we don't get enough good applications
    - A few from the taskforce + Erin are working on the rubric: https://app.asana.com/0/583236957129343/592399477181626
    - Anelda offered to help us select rightful candidates for the scholarship from Africa
      - The decision should be made by Taskforce members to avoid any bias selection
    - With Elizabeth Williams we need to work on the following (Erin is in touch)
      - Check the available fund
      - Check how to pay beforehand so those who can't afford to pay for the event don't have to worry
      - As decided in the last meeting with Elizabeth, most of the awardees will be reimbursed by 'bank-check' at the check-out desk after the conference and will be informed that they should wait for a week after the conference
    - **Criteria for ranking**:
      - Group (+1 for being a member of an Underrepresented group)
      - Previous involvement (+1 for each category beyond "learner" up to max of +5)
      - Location (+1 for being outside Europe/North America/Australia/New Zealand, +1 for being in smaller/remote/less affluent institution, +1 additional for being in a developing economy)
      - Career stage (+1 for post-doc, +1 for service/support staff)
      - Discretionary (up to +3/down to -3 for pros/cons in short answer boxes)

#### **Point 11**: _Swag_
 - Will there be swag?
 - Discussion or using the Store?
 - Want to have a booth with tangible takeaways?


### Action points:
_Highlighted in **bold** above_


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Friday, March 23rd

**Call**:  [15:00 EET (_San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180322T15&p1=1428&ah=1)
