### Date of the meeting: Tuesday, December 18th, 2018
_**Call #1 Time**: 9 am GMT (San Francisco Tue 01:00, Thessaloniki Tue 11:00, Melbourne, Tue 18:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T11&p1=1428&ah=1))_

_**Call #2 Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
1. Fotis Psomopoulos
2. Malvika Sharan
3. Bianca Peterson
4. Gabriel Salubi
5. Silvia Di Giorgio
6. Ouso Dan
7. Anne Fouilloux
8. Jessica Upani

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
1. Fotis Psomopoulos
2. Marco Chiapello
3. Mina Zamani
4. Christina Koch
5. Ouso Dan
6. Sher!!
7. Sateesh Peri
8. Mark Laufersweiler
9. Sarah Stevens

### Apologies
- Dennis Irorere
- Kristin Lee
- Patrick Merlot

### Discussion points (_Call #1)_:

- Onboarding of new members
- Introducing new members to the existing TaskForce
- Provide access to the debrief document

#### Introduction:

- Fotis and Malvika (current chairs) started with introducing the TaskForce and the call format
- Attendees:
  - Anne Fouilloux: University of Oslo.
  - Silvia di Giorgio: PhD Student in bioinformatics, Un. Koln.
  - Jessica Upani. I'm from the University of Namibia. I attended the first CarpentryCon this year. I would like to help and contribute in any way.
  - Bianca: Postdoc fellowship Northwest university in South Africa. Attended CarpentryConnect Johannesburg.
  - Gabriel: Postdoc university South Africa. Attended CarpentryConnect Johannesburg.
  - Ouso Dan: Observing, currently on the checkout process as an Instructor. Located at Nairobi Kenya.

#### CarpentryCon: 2018 TaskForce Timeline

*Self-organizing and documenting*

- We started by self-organizing and documenting our work
- As chairs we took charge of hosting the meeting and making sure that the entire team is informed of everything we do
- we divided the tasks into smaller ones, for. e.g.: looking for a venue, creating rubrics of what we wanted to see in a venue, agreeing collectively on which venue to take for the meeting (Dublin)
- Its important to decide the priorities (venue, keynote) then pursue other tasks such as identifying different sessions, seeking chairs

*Conference Format*

- Previous format: few keynptes, break-out, skill-up, workshop, self-organized social activities, parallet sessions, lightning talks, posters
- There are few requests from the community as new additions: participant driven, more activities for interaction
- after the first one, we will find it easier to invite ideas from the communities for self organizing and running sessions

*Priorites*
- venue identification: bid, rubric, local community
- sponsorship: requires time in chasing sponsors, allows defining the budget (we didn't have that for the last one)
- Local community: find a local person who can host the event, and get a few more people involved (volunteers are needed closer in time)

#### Reference from CarpentryCon 2018

*Debrief document*

- Based on the last CarpentryCon we have compiled a document of our work and timeline
- have added tasks by planning phase (should help in picking the areas of work that the taskForce members are interested in). GDoc available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sm1saUP6gtSkBrhTBE_8LKmK_PMaEmp_UUkx9WOW4oA/edit#heading=h.rgoeqrnkpr3q) This document is for our internal use. Add your email address, and we'll share the document with you.
- The document is written as the time of priority: Theme -> website -> sponsorship + speaker -> ...

*Availability of the TaskForce members*

- It will help navigating the new members who can pick tasks as per their availability
- It doesn't matter how much time you can commit, but we would need consistency
- we get a lt of support from teh staff - > admin, sponsorships, finances

- More interaction will needed be closer to the event
  - In the beginning we had 2 calls a day (repeated, second one was review)
  - closer to time we had single calls to make it productive

#### Q&A
- Anne: when will be the kick-off meeting?
  - Beginning of January
  - Sign your name at the end of Call #1 notes so we can add you to the mailiing list

- What kind of participation works meetings vs behind the scenes?
  - being on the call was easier in terms of being informed and actually feel like a part of a team
  - you will have independence for the work you do, so its good to come to the call and update
  - you can obviously skip some meetings, but it is a team building exercise

#### Action points

- The links on the top of teh etherpad are not working: update them with the working links
- New members will add their email confirming their participation at the TaskForce
- Sher! will add them to the mailing list
- Malvika will structure the debrief document adding phase number for each task

### Discussion points (_Call #2)_:

Onboarding call for Carpentry Con 2020

#### Introductions

- Fotis, helped lead past taskforce w/ Malvika, Mark, Sher, others
- Sher, workshop admin for Carpentries, also trainer + liaison w/ Carpentry Con TF
- Chistina, University of Wisconsin - Madison, likes doing things she hasn't done before
- Sateesh, helped at events this summer at UC Davis, wants to do more
- Mark, research data specialist @ OU libraries, local Carpentries organizer, was on previous TF
- Sarah, also at UW Madison :)))), organizes local community, wants to participate in global community
- Mina, researcher, has helped w/ Carpentries at CODATA school, first experience in TF
- Ouso, student, learned about Carpentries this summer, looking forward to being more involved
- Marco, bioinoformatician, met Fotis recently and is here now.  :)

#### Recap of past taskforce (for Carpentry Con 2018): tasks, timeline, etc.

**Timeline**

- Self-organize, set up the structure of the group
  - Regular meetings (every 3-4 weeks)
  - Malvika + Fotis were co-chairs, led calls, kept minutes, keeping up with people working on tasks
  - Members had different tasks that they would work on between meetings
- Venue
  - Put together a form soliciting locations, reviewed as a TF
  - Shared form with networks
  - Review inputs, get more community feedback on choice of venue (accessibility, etc.)
  - Then find out availability + connect w/ venue --> important to have someone on the TF who is AT that location and can be a local contact
- Agenda/Program
  - TF discussions, then ask for community feedback (how long, what types of sessions)
  - As soon as structure is set, need to get keynotes
  - What is the goal of Carpentry Con?
    - Some things will stay the same (skill-ups, how to get people to talk to each other, etc.)
    - The exact direction of Carpentry Con 2020 may be different!
  - Then solicit interest in topics + leading sessions
    - Hopefully more interest in leading sessions this time around.  
- Money
  - Ongoing through the process
  - Reaching out to sponsors
  - Significant percentage of Carpentry Con funding was through sponsors, not registrations
- Location stuff
  - Hotels
  - Restaurants
  - Things to do
  - Etc.
- SWAG. :DDD
- Finalizing stuff like:
  - Volunteers
  - Content of sessions
  - A/V requirements
  - etc.

**General notes**

* notice that there's a lot of community feedback cycles, soliciting help from community.  
* certain things had to be learned for the first time for Carpentry Con 2018 and these have been documented.
* a timeline was produced from the debrief and can guide the process this time

**Time commitment**
- doesn't have to be a huge amount of time, but a *regular* committment (per week) is really helpful
- commit from now until Carpentry Con 2020 happens
- chairs tried to attend both meetings at the start, ended up doing a combined meeting towards the end
- calls started out monthly, but were weekly at the end

_**Checking emails was really important**!  Being in contact w/ people and staying in communication, asking for help._

#### Q & A

- What's the ideal task force size?
  - Out of a larger group, had a core of 8-10 (including Sher + Belinda)
  - Hope to have 10-12 for the task force this time -- more hands to split task
- From morning: how do you split tasks amongst the group?
  - Kickoff call in January
  - Group's decision on how to self-organize (note-keepers + drivers)
  - Good idea to have a point person responsible for major areas (like program, keynotes, etc.)
    - can then have small teams who aren't able to commit to the whole TF, but can help in particular areas
- Does the debrief contain feedback from the conference?
  - Mostly on the organizational aspect
  - There *is* feedback incorporated into the debrief
- Where does budget fit into the timeline?
  - as soon as you have the venue, need to work on both budget (comes along w/ looking for sponsors) + agenda
  - note from Mark: included priorities (like how expensive you're willing to be) + worked backwards
- How to get feedback from community?
  - Leverage Carpentries staff
  - Lots of visibilities (tweets + blogs)
  - Fotis is optimistic about getting more feedback this time, because Carpentry Con means something, and is not some vague idea. :)
- Any requirements to get involved?
  - Just be an instructor
  - Really want it to be a participants workshop, not the taskforce workshop


### Members of the new TF

- Anne Fouilloux | annefou@geo.uio.no
- Bianca Peterson | bianca.peterson777@gmail.com
- Christina Koch | ckoch5@wisc.edu
- Gabriel Salubi | Osalubi@ufh.ac.za
- Jessica Upani | nabbygirl@gmail.com
- Mina zamani | aster.andro777@gmail.com
- Ouso Daniel | ousodaniel@gmail.com
- Sarah Stevens | sarah.stevens@wisc.edu
- Sateesh Peri | perisateesh@nevada.unr.edu
- Silvia Di Giorgio  |  digiorgio@zbmed.de


### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for January 22nd 2019.

