### Date of the meeting: Friday, March 23rd
Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180322T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees

1. Malvika Sharan (@sharan)
2. Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)
3. Belinda Weaver @cloudaus
4. SherAaron Hurt

### Apologies
1. Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom) - Had a chat with Malvika afterwards
2. Danielle
3. Ivo

### Agenda

1. CarpentryCon abstract and bio
2. Swag
3. Update on ticketing/prizes/sponsorships/post : https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2018/03/who-belongs-carpentrycon.html
4. CarpentryCon on social platforms
5. Joining the conference without registering
6. AV facility - Belinda talked to Jonah about the quotes
7. ELIXIR related lightning talk
8. Volunteers involvement (update)
9. Community call to promote the event (update)
10. Travel scholarship (update)

### Discussion


#### **Point #1**: CarpentryCon abstract and bio

- git repo created (thanks Fotis!)
- **Fotis and Malvika will get in touch with the session chairs**
  - Session abstract
  - One line bio and picture of the session leads
- Taskforce members: post their 1-2 line bio and a picture
- Local contact: Norman
  - **Add this the website:**
    - Local contact: Norman Davey (group leader, http://slim.ucd.ie/), email: norman.davey@ucd.ie
    - Venue contact: Mary-Beth Jennings (Conference & Events Manager) & Fiona Rodgers (Senior Events Organiser), Email: oreilly.hall@ucd.ie
- Belinda: collect abstract for the poster and lightning talk - done

#### **Point #2**: Swag:

- Will there be swag? 
  - Yes. Will be great to have those for the volunteers for free and for the participants to buy that at the conference.
- Should there be a store, or a swag booth? Purchase some T-shirt?
  - Assign co-ordinator from the taskforce
  - **Set a booth with tangible takeaways at the conference**
    - Custom make the carpentries T-shirt
    - Carpentries, CarpentryCon specific T-shirt
    - T-shirts for the volunteers
    - Mug, pens, stickers, de.NBI
    - Overleaf swag pens: Belinda
    - de.NBI USB: Malvika
    - Check with UCD: Norman
    - involve volunteers to assemble swag at the event - Volunteers

#### **Point #3**: CarpentryCon on social platforms

- Twitter (thanks Danielle!)
- Facebook
- Meetup event
- **Giving access to a few members in the taskforce**
    - later to the volunteers

#### **Point #4**: Joining the conference without registering
- Tickets for last day on spot registration
  - **Belinda will discuss this in future call**

#### **Point #5**: AV facility

- **Confirm the local AV support**, they know the equipments and are well under our budget (~12,000 dollars)
- talk to Jonah Duckels for help

#### **Point #5**: Having ELIXIR-related lighting talks?

- I've been asked to contact the CarpentryCon organizing committee on this issue.
  - Already coming:
  - From ELIXIR-NL Mateusz Kuzak: 
  - From ELIXIR-BE Paula Andrea Martinez: Talk about the latin translations
  - From ELIXIR-DE Malvika Sharan, Bérénice Batut and Toby Hodges
- We can offer slots in the lightening talk
- They can propose a breakout topic at the event: subjected to the public voting
- **Ask them to submit abstract for poster and talk**
- Can offer booth spaces as well
- Participants supported by ELIXIR should be asked to mention them in their acknowledgements

#### **Point #5**: Volunteers involvement (update)

- An open call with the volunteers next week: https://doodle.com/poll/v933uykam787q9gz#table

#### **Point #6**: Community call to promote the event (update)

- Belinda + Mark + others from the carpentries will lead one call (Australia, USA, Canada etc.)
- Malvika and Fotis + others from the carpentries will lead other call (Europe, South Africa etc.)
- **Setting the date and invite etc**
  - Find dates for calls after Easter
  - Belinda will make sure that they do not conflict with other appointments
- **Involve executives to attend the call**
  - Along with the taskforce members

#### **Point #7**: Travel scholarship (update)

- The scoring and ranking is completed
  - Erin is preparing emails to contact the awardees
- Anelda will be able to pay for 8 participants: fund to support flight and accommodation of the participants from SA


#### **Point #8**: Dinner location

- Alternate option as Guinness storehouse is criticised for its association with alcohol
- **Malvika will check for more options**

#### **Point #9**: Other points raised by Belinda:

- Number of sold tickets are less than 100
- Aiming for 100 registrations at this point

- **Sponsorship**
  - Jackson lab: 1000 Dollar as price:
    - Poster price
    - Talk price
    - decide on this later
  - Google responded to Belinda with more query
    - Potential sponsor
    
- Story circle icebreaker:
    - https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/Sessions/2018-05-30/00-Icebreaker-Story-Circles.md
    - Figure out how to assign batches to people: experienced vs. new people
    
 - Talk title:
    - Valerie Auroroa: Allys in tech environment: https://frameshiftconsulting.com/speaking/#focus
    - **Think about the possible title**
 
### Action points:
_Also highlighted in **bold** above_

- Contact the session chairs through a common email and ask for bio and abstract: Malvika and Fotis
- Give social media access to the pthers in Taskforce: Danielle
- Confirm the local AV support: Malvika
- Find dates for the community call: Belinda, Fotis, Malvika
- Ask ELIXIR participants to submit abstract for poster and talk: Fotis
- Email draft to personally invite others from our network (put it on git): Malvika
- Visa letter: ISMB template: Malvika will share it with Belinda
- Send Norman's address and Fiona's phone: Malvika will send the pull request
- Social platform: check with Danielle
- Wihout registration attendence: Belinda will discuss this later
- Conference dinner: need to check other options, we will not use Guinness Storehouse
- Poster submisson announcement: need to make sure that there are enough poster worth holding a poster session for

### Next call

**Next meeting**: Friday, March 30th (?): Easter Friday

**Call**:  [15:00 EET (_San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180322T15&p1=1428&ah=1)


