## Date of the meeting: Tuesday, August 28th, 2018
Single Call:  23:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 13:00, Thessaloniki Fri 23:00, Brisbane Wed: 06.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180717T23&p1=1428&ah=1

### Attending:
- Fotis
- Malvika
- Belinda
- Mark
- Danielle
- Tracy

### Apologies:
- Sher!
- Ivo

## Minutes from the Discussion:

### Youtube videos
- Available here: https://oc.embl.de/index.php/s/TUWrglsHbsGtpqe
- Videos from CarpentryCon
- were very big, compressed now, lower quality, but still good
- Will upload the videos 
- Belinda will check with Anelda once more if she would like us to upload the videos, or if she would like help editing out the sections she doesn't want included
- Belinda will share the credential of The Carpentries youtube channel with Fotis (Greg's video), Danielle (Valeries's video) and Malvika (Des's Video)

### Blogpost
- Debrief updated here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sm1saUP6gtSkBrhTBE_8LKmK_PMaEmp_UUkx9WOW4oA/edit
- Podcast: https://t.co/uAJ24JFBgG
- Community call for inviting a few new members on the CarpentryCon taskforce
- Belinda will start with a short summary and Malvika will follow up
- BOSC blog post for reference:  https://news.open-bio.org/2018/07/27/gccbosc-2018-post-meeting-report/
- https://news.open-bio.org/2018/08/02/taking-turns/

### CarpentryCon Statistics
- Kari shared the survey results on etherpad
- Elizabeth shared budget info in the last meeting, which should also be published under finance plan
- We need to add eventbrite information to get statistics
- Survey response for sessions by 92 people: on etherpad
- Application for travel grant (people missing from eventbrite): on etherpad
- Add the session stat (number of attendees): "The Carpentries Community was interested in everything! :)"

### Article to publish
- Suggested journal: F1000 (BOSC examples: https://f1000research.com/articles/7-1309/v1)
- We will get the document together and see where it can go
- 10 simple rules for organizing a community led conference: plos computation

### CarpentryCon/The Carpentries swag (Mark)
- We can save it for the next CarpentryConnect and CarpentryCon
- A package can be sent to each taskForce organiser (if they share their addresses)
- Yes to everything ~ said Mark

### Action points: 
    - Belinda and Malvika will have it by the end of this week and it will go out with podcast, youtube videos and call for next taskforce: will get it out next week Tuesday!
    - Tracy: Ask Erin to add information on the debrief document and a short blurb for the blogpost
    - Malvika will add the session sign-up sheet statistics on the debrief document - Danielle can summarize these! :) +1
    - Task force people share your address to distribute Carpentries Swag. Tracy: Someone will get in touch.
    - Announce Community Calls

### Next meeting: September
    - Guideline for CarpentryConnect
    - Who should be able to organize one: A checklist
