### Date of the meeting: Thursday, February 22nd
_**Call Time**: 22:00 EEST (San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180222T22&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Belinda Weaver (@cloudaus)
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan)
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)
- SherAaron Hurt
- Ivo Arrey

### Apologies
- Danielle Quinn (@daniellequinn88)

### Agenda

1. Session Leads
2. Welcome Reception / Entertainment
3. Accommodation
4. Budget / catering
5. Rubric for travel subsidy requests
6. Inclusion/Accessibility/Childcare
7. Unconferencing Items
8. Reimbursements
9. Other points

### Discussion points:

#### **Point #1**: _Session Leads_
- Google Sheet of Session and corresponding leads is [**here**](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G80RPvP8DMPZ89i2vfStdT_6ComP4qsI8ioEvUep2Vw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Most of the leads are confirmed
  - Belinda/Sher to ask Tracy/Titus for him leading the **Skill-Up 4: Leading a Research Lab**
  - Belinda to ask Greg leading the session **Skill-Up 1: Project Leadership**
  - Contacted carpentry admin to check if they would like to lead the skill up: "Creating and Registering a Carpentry Event".
  - Malvika emailed Kayleigh Lino about **Skill-Up 5: Creating and Registering a Carpentry Event {Website}** but she declined - she suggested the topic to learn about it. Alternative options are:
    - Maneesha Sane
    - Mark will be willing to do
    - Have an open call in the Trainers list

#### **Point #2**: _Welcome Reception / Entertainment: Ice breakers and socialization_
- Instead of the Carpentry Bingo, have a **story circle**
  break into groups (8 people), get each person tell a 5' minute story.
- **Truth or lie** in a group setting
  may work well with 15-20 people
- Have placards / signs on each table during coffee breaks (such as "Instructors", "ELIXIR" etc) so that people could get their coffee and get together with people on the same topic.
- Buddy table: people who are alone in the conference can go to different buddy table to meet people who feel like they want to meet others
- Big brother - big sister
- "Welcome event" is **Optional**: make sure that the participants know that it is not mandatory

#### **Point #3**: _Accommodation_
- Suzanne Shorten from UCD is on holidays and will be back on Feb 26, we will be able to set up a link once she is back.
- Talbot hotel has been confirmed (35 rooms from 29/05/2018 to 01/06/2018 (with checkout on June 1st) – with a distribution on ~32 double/twin rooms and ~3 triple rooms). The T&CS would 6 weeks 50% of unsold rooms released & 4 weeks any unsold rooms released – all rooms after this period would be on requested basis & at the best available rates
  - Set up a booking code for guests to book directly on their site
  - the link to the booking page for [Talbot Hotel Stillorgan](https://www.talbothotelstillorgan.com/)
  - the agreed rates (i.e. €139 BB for Twin or Double Room and €149 BB for Triple Room), and
  - the reference code to be used.
- Dublin Radisson Blu St. Helen's Hotel
  - will give their offer on the 27th of February
- Clayton Hotel Ballsbridge: no response so far (emailed again today)

#### **Point #4**: _Budget / catering_
- Catering quotes are received for the conference and poster session
- Guinness offered two quotes of 15k (standing) and 19k (seated buffet) for conference dinner

#### **Point #5**: _Rubric for travel subsidy requests_
- To be adapted from the [Instructor training rubric](https://github.com/carpentries/instructor-training/blob/gh-pages/files/rubric.md)
  - Belinda will distribute it before next meeting as a Google Doc
- Have an additional point to attract communities outside the usual (such as humanities and not life sciences for example)
- And vet it with the steering committee. That is the elected body representing the community

#### **Point #6**: _Inclusion/Accessibility/Childcare_
- Belinda, Tracy and Sher have now included the following three questions in the registration checkout:
  - Childcare / quote for costs (important to offer this for people travelling with kids)
  - Food preference
  - Disability

- Venue: detail and accessibility
  - Will ask the volunteers to give us a walkthrough of the locations
  - Images are available on Asana
  - Check for:
    - Hearing/sight disabilities
    - Braille
  - Need to decide on the AV service provider: Malvika will contact them tomorrow

- Child-care info
  - Sher contacted DCB
  - We could contact Mary Beth from UCD?

#### **Point #7**: _Unconferencing Items_
- make sure we have a lot of time for people to connect as they want
- lanyards; green / orange / red (ok, ask me, no pictures)
- ribbons (pronoun, first time attendee, maintainer) - number of types restricted by cost
  - Sher to come up with ribbons.
- For unconference, BoF and breakout topics: Place a sticky board/wall where people can post their idea on the sessions they want to run a particular topic
  - This will allow people to add their notes and others to see it and vote for it later

#### **Point #8**: _Reimbursements_
- In order to facilitate financial matter at the end of the conference, we would need some sort of reimbursement form (format for invoice?)
  - Sher will put together and circulate a simple Google Form.

#### **Point #9**: _Other points_
- Volunteer Responsibilities (on-campus and off-campus)
  - List maintained [here](https://piratenpad.de/p/CarpentryCon_ToDo)

- Pre-conference Data Carpentry workshop: 2000 Euros to run the course, can cover catering of the course and travel expense of 2 trainers
  - Informed the Carpentries admin
  - Informed the CarpentryCon Taskforce
  - Looking for DC trainers <- Danielle: As in Instructor Trainers? If there is a Instructor training event happening, I'd be happy help!


### Action points:

1. Session Leads
  - Belinda/Sher to ask Tracy/Titus for him leading the **Skill-Up 4: Leading a Research Lab**
  - Belinda to ask Greg leading the session **Skill-Up 1: Project Leadership**

3. Accommodation
  - Fotis to send Belinda all information from the Talbot Hotel Stillorgan for inclusion on the website and wider dissemination

5. Rubric for travel subsidy requests
  - Belinda will distribute a draft version based on the Instructor Training Rubric before next meeting as a Google Doc

6. Inclusion/Accessibility/Childcare
  - Malvika will contact the AV service providers
  - Malvika will contact the local volunteers for a walkthrough of the locations

7. Unconferencing Items
  - Sher to come up with ribbons.

8. Reimbursements
  - Sher will put together and circulate a simple Google Form.



### Next call

**Next meeting**: Thursday, March 1st

**Call**:  [22:00 EEST (_San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180301T22&p1=1428&ah=1)
