### Date of the meeting: Friday, May 4th 2018
Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180504T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

1. Malvika Sharan (@sharan)
2. Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
4. Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)
5. Ivo (@leleyguy)
6. Sher!


### Apologies:
1. Belinda (@cloudaus)

### Agenda

1. Discuss Budget and catering
2. Group submitted abstracts
3. Discuss / Confirm chairs in sessions
4. Discuss email to be sent to participants
5. Discuss the pre- and post- conference survey (questions)
6. Conference Shopping list
7. Points from the Community Call

### Discussion

#### ELIXIR proposal

  Mateusz submitted a proposal for one of the workshop slots. The idea is to start the work on creating a Carpentries lesson to teach researchers and developers how to implement the “Best practices in research software”. This would be a kick-off activity of the project in collaboration between the Carpentries and ELIXIR Europe. More about the project can be found in ELIXIR proposal. He will be submitting a more detailed description of the session later this week.

  - Proposal accepted, to replace the slot currently in Workshop #2 (Friday morning).
  - ELIXIR will also be submitting two lightning talks and a poster, by the end of this week.


#### Childcare

  - Give monetary support
  - Sher! will check with local nanny
    - We will need a dedicated number (emergency contact)
  - We should get in touch with Nora
    - Should be give her the choices and monetary support
    - We should offer her all the help: Sher will reach out!

#### CarpentryCon community calls

  - Setup/announce the CarpentryCon community calls: [May 3rd, two calls](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpconcall)
    - Hosts for both the calls are from TaskForce
      - Call 1: Fotis Psomopoulos and Malvika Sharan
      - Call 2: Mark Laufersweiler and SherAaron Hurt
  - Fotis to put together a draft agenda
  - Fotis to Reach out to the [executives from the Carpentries](http://static.carpentries.org/governance/) to invite them to the call

#### Coordination with UCD
  - Set a meeting with Mary Beth at UCD for room names/numbers, extra room for medical/nursing purposes/prayer & meditation, local personnel, venue  availability on May 29th for setup, loca printing options:
  - Sent the following queries to Norman
    1. _Name and room number (if any) of the auditorium_
      - Moore Auditorium (E0.08) in the O'Brien Centre for Science.
    2. _Number and location of the 3 breakout rooms (to be published with our program)_
      - 2 round table rooms and one with movable chairs with inbuilt side table
    3. _Possibility of an extra room to be used for medical purpose (this needs to be planned)_
      - Mary-Beth will get back to us
    4. _Availability of locker rooms (if not then the extra room could also be used for this)_
      - TBA
    5. _Will we have anyone at the venue from UCD (e.g. reception, technical)?_
      - TBA
    6. _We will use AVCOM service for our technical setup, could you please suggest based on any previous meeting, what will we require from their side?_
      - TBA
    7. _How many posters can we display for the poster session? What dimension of the posters should it be (e.g. A0 vertical)?_
      - A0, specific configuration and total number TBA
    8. _Will the venue site be used to set up tables for helpdesk, registration desk and exhibitors an evening before the conference?_
      - TBA
    9. _Is there a possibility to organize a conference dinner on campus? We will book the catering from our end. Will there be an extra charges/insurance cost for that?_
      - TBA
    10. _Would you like to feature specific facilities and/or restrictions about the venue site so that the participants come prepared?_
      - TBA
    11. _Access to an on campus printer:_
      -  Norman: I have access to them with my card and there's a print shop a few minutes walk away.
    12. _We will ask him to buy us a number for the CarpentryCon:_
      - TO DO
    13. _Ask any restriction about the exhibitors_
      - TO DO

#### Specifications from UCD Accommodations

  - The Reception Office is open 24/7 from the 28th May onwards.
  - Two UCD colleagues Clare and Orlaith, will be organising the room allocations and these will done to suit operational requirements taking into account arrivals, departures etc.
  - Additionally, all those who have booked housing with us will be sent details on the check-in procedure, facilities about one week before arrival.
  - There are very few rooms on campus with disabled access. Accordingly, can you kindly get back to us with any special requests ASAP.
    - Belinda will send an email to people that require access asking for their needs.
  - The booking confirmation sometimes end up in the spam, so if we get more emails about not having received an invoice, suggest them to check their spam
  - An extra date (May 28) have been added in the UCD accommodation


#### List of items to purchase

   - Create in GitHub a [list of items that we need for the conference](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/taskforce_misc/CarpentryCon_PurchaseList.md), when should we order them and how (amazon for stationaries, parcel from the carpentries, swag from the sponsor). These include:
    - Flip chart papers
    - Canvas
    - World map (for photobooth)
    - Carpentries merch
    - Sticky notes
    - Color markers
    - Lanyards (different colors)
    - Name badges
    - Carpentry related Posters
    - Signboard
    - post session survey sheets
    - [UCD map](http://ucdestates.ie/commuting/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2016/08/Campus-Commuting-Guide-2016.pdf)
    - [CarpentryCon cheetsheat (line 125)](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon_volunteers)
    - T-shirts
    - Signage

  - Make a list and pass it to Elizabeth who could purchase it drectly through the budget
    - **Deadline for putting together a list by Tuesday, May 2nd**
  - Get in touch with session chairs asking for their needs (if any)
  - Get in touch with UCD IT about any dongles/accessories that we can use?
  - Request carpentries to print the banners and send them to UCD
    - Sher will check the banner options and get in touch Elizabeth/Carpentries

#### CarpentryCon Slack
  - [Join the CarpentryCon Slack](https://tinyurl.com/carpentrycon-slack)
    - Created different channels and have put basic information as the subject (emergency, contact etc.)
    - **Promote this in the community call**

#### Info email to participants
  - Draft an email for the registered participants including following information:
    - [Accessibility page](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/venue.md)
    - [General event etherpad link](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon)
    - [Social events etherpad link](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/social_events)
    - Slack Channel
    - Twitter
    - [Cheetsheet](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/CarpentryCon_Cheetsheet.md)
    - [A-to-Z of CarpentryCon Blog](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/AtoZ_of_CarpentryCon.md)
        - working on it with the D&I TaskForce and the [Volunteers (line 97)](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon_volunteers)
        - Can we write a few lines about the different topics (a few of them are already done in the accessibility page)?
      - Collect information about special requirements (beside food, for which we already have the information):
        - disability/mobility issues
        - bringing children on campus
        - any special assistance (discussed above!)
    - Virtual shop link with T shirt design

    - Fotis to draft an email in GDoc and send it out for comments. Goal to sent it 3-weeks in advance (~Monday May 7th)


#### Volunteers

  - We have been receiving more expressions of interest
    - [Regular meetings to get help from the community](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon_volunteers)
    - Sher! has created this [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zs8rV8wUAUEN_-NnbgBjFmS3H-FjyvHoVTv9Cf3JVVo/edit#gid=0) to track the volunteer responsibilities:
    - we can add a tab to the overall program so that everything is all in one doc.  
  - Volunteers to help in different [sessions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G80RPvP8DMPZ89i2vfStdT_6ComP4qsI8ioEvUep2Vw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Will we have budget to get volunteer T-shirt?
    - We will have it, we need to check with Elizabeth (Sher!)
  - Need to decide on this
    - to be picked at the conference
    - one color for volunteers, taskforce: free T-shirts: sponsored by Malvika :)
    - other color for other participants



### Action points

1. FP will confirm with ELIXIR about the workshop slot.

2. Sher will check with local nanny and reach out to Nora about choices and monetary support.

3. Fotis to put together a draft agenda for the [CaprentryCon Community Calls](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpconcall)
  - Also reach out to the [executives from the Carpentries](http://static.carpentries.org/governance/) to invite them to the call

4. Belinda will send an email to people that require special access asking for their needs.

5. @all: Put together the Purchase list by **Tuesday, May 2nd**

6. Sher will check the banner options and get in touch Elizabeth/Carpentries

7. Fotis will get in touch with session chairs asking for their needs (if any)

8. Sher will investigate the T-Shirts/Design/E-Shop approach. A first idea by Tuesday, May 1st.

9. Fotis will draft an email to be sent to participants in GDoc for discussion next week



### Agenda Items for next Call

1. Group submitted [abstracts](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y7yQpymqRzmqhxf618R8C7YHnh6CkuWYFoLe4yHjlm4/edit#gid=0)
2. Discuss / Confirm chairs in [sessions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G80RPvP8DMPZ89i2vfStdT_6ComP4qsI8ioEvUep2Vw/edit?usp=sharing)
3. Discuss Budget and catering


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Friday, May 11th 2018

**Call**:  [15:00 EET (_San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180511T15&p1=1428&ah=1)
