
### Date of the meeting: Tuesday, February 5th, 2019

_**Call Time**: 9 am GMT (San Francisco Tue 01:00, Thessaloniki Tue 11:00, Melbourne, Tue 18:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T11&p1=1428&ah=1))_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees
1. Bianca Peterson (will chair the next meeting)
2. Silvia Di Giorgio
3. Mina Zamani
4. Malvika Sharan
5. Fotis Psomopoulos
6. Sarah Stevens (will have to leave ~15 min early for next meeting)  no problem! :-D
7. Sateesh Peri
8. Aleks Nenadic
9. Anne Fouilloux
10. Ouso
11. Marco Chiapello
12. Ana Costa Conrado
13. Sher!

### Apologies
- Gabriel Salubi: I will be late as I am on my way home and would arrive after the meeting has started +1

- Mark Laufersweiler: Emergency all hands at work. +1+1

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
- Discussing the Task vs time file to check everyone's availability: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19fQVryoEXcpjcPT6chrnBpmhlKKR7he7itQf-ball1U/edit?usp=sharing
- Find 2-3 people with time commitment vs experience who can chair the committee (can change/rotate over time)
- Find sub chairs for the different areas of responsibilities in upcoming meeting
- Website design: Allow adding new categories so that participants can refer to the website for all the info (last time it was criticized that we had info in emails, website, slack, git)
- Theme for the CarpentryCon 2020
- Sponsorships: Sher!
    - Check with Sher/Elizabeth about the remaining amount from 2018 as a start point and list their sponsors online
    - also add previous sponsors online
- Announcement for venue bid
    - Deciding on the criteria: See the debrief document (link at the line 8 of etherpad)
    
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### Discussing the Task vs time file
    - Everybody should pick one or more responsibilities. We don't need any names now, but we should all have a look at the file. This has to be done prior the next meeting. 
    - Some tasks are important now - have to be dealt with / addressed immediately (e.g. bid for venue, etc.) - some should be discussed by committee, some by community.
    - Let people know we are opening bid up for venue.
    - We have been stalling for past 2 meetings for TF to find some responsibilities where they would want to contribute. Add your name to areas of responsibilities below.
    
#### Committee chairs (can change/rotate over time)

- Bianca: I missed this point (chairs for COMMITTEE) on the agenda - only decided on chairs for areas of responsibilites. Add to top of agenda for next meeting 
- Ouso: Noted Bianca, let's take care of it at the next call
    
#### Sub chairs for the different areas of responsibilities

| 1. Website and outreach (incl. merchandise) |
|---------------------------------------------|
| Anne     Fouilloux (Co-chair) |
| Bianca Peterson (I am not good with social media though) |
| Malvika Sharan  |
| Sarah Stevens |
| Aleks Nenadic (Co-chair)  |
| Marco Chiapello |
| Ana Costa Conrado (help with website) |
| Mina Zamani (can help with website and social media) |
|---------------------------------------------|
| 2. Communication                            |
|---------------------------------------------|
| Sarah Stevens (Co-chair) |
| Ouso (Co-chair) |
| Bianca Peterson |
| Malvika Sharan |
| Sateesh Peri |
| Mina Zamani |
|---------------------------------------------|
| 3. Budget                                   |
|---------------------------------------------|
| Silvia Di Giorgio (Co-chair) |
| Anne Fouilloux |
| Ouso |
|---------------------------------------------|
| 4. Program                                  |
|---------------------------------------------|
| Marco Chiapello |
| Sateesh Peri (Co-chair) |
| Silvia Di Giorgio |
| Sarah Stevens |
| Bianca Peterson (Co-chair) |
| Aleks Nenadic |
| Mina Zamani |
|---------------------------------------------|
| 5. Content development                      |
|---------------------------------------------|
| Marco Chiapello |
| Silvia Di Giorgio |
| Aleks Nenadic |
| Anne Fouilloux |
| Ana Costa Conrado (Co-chair) |
| Sher! (Co-chair) |
|---------------------------------------------|
| 6. Accessibility                            |
|---------------------------------------------|
| Malvika Sharan (Co-chair) |
| Silvia Di Giorgio |
| Ouso |
| Mina Zamani |

  
  - Left budget and accessibllity with only one chair for now
  - Website and outreach: urgent
  - Budget: urgent

#### Website design

- We should have some idea for the theme + rough outline of the website (include in bid) - also add small blurb
- The old website exists, please have a look for improvement - a basic information website should be enough for getting the bid out
- Bid + website can be done in parallel and other tasks can start
- Anne, Bianca, and Ana will start working on website based on last year's website

#### Theme for the CarpentryCon 2020

- Last year's theme was Building Locally, Connecting Globally
- Common repo for all the files: https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/tree/master/CarpentryCon-2020
- Suggestions: 
- Bianca: Each person come up with at least one suggestion - Bianca will send out link to add suggestions to Google Doc
- Idea for theme: "Computation research at your fingertips: from the classroom to the community"
- Malvika: Having community suggestions/bids for themes - everyone agrees!

#### Sponsorships

- Check with Sher/Elizabeth about the remaining amount from 2018 as a start point and list their sponsors online
- Also add previous sponsors online
- Serah (Carpentries community engagement lead) will also be working on this
- If you have organizations or persons who you think would be interested in donating or sponsoring CarpentryCon, put them in touch with Sher (sheraaron@carpentries.org)  or send a link to Sher

#### Announcement for venue bid

- Deciding on the criteria: See the debrief document (link at line 8 of etherpad)
- Have the bid out for venues soon as possible, because it takes some time and back and forth communication between interested parties
- Bid template form 2018: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iLfRSnRJ_J7laBhFAQsMgjiX_-P5v3BFtQ4f5WaMZQ8/edit
- Bid form 2018: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15MwQIucsR3H13QTNBmVHqUzlx201olldBNtxZV_ExsU/edit
- Anyone could fill out a bid, but we had some targeted cases for good venues
- Link for places that were considered last year - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mqCgbBlPxYLRIW3otLTnBXmnUONF6OXJ-r0CvmJhI3E/edit?usp=sharing
- Bids for venue was open for 6 weeks
- Can reuse the bid form from last year and edit it (in the CarpentryCon Google drive)
- Overall Debrief Document (CC2018): https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sm1saUP6gtSkBrhTBE_8LKmK_PMaEmp_UUkx9WOW4oA/edit#heading=h.rgoeqrnkpr3q

**General notes**

- Sateesh: do we have a slack? Yes,  kindly insert your slack ID here below
    - perisateesh@nevada.unr.edu
    - BinxiePeterson
    - anacos@student.matnat.uio.no
    - chiapello.m@gmail.com (Marco Chiapello)
    - anenadic
- Silvia: reiterated that the main channel of communication was agreed to be emails
- Bianca: For quick communications or questions slack would do
- The slack channels are: Private (#carpentrycon2020-tf - Planning CarpCon); Public (#carpentrycon - For the larger community), see below
- We decided that email will be our primiary communication channel - send all links via email for record keeping. Use slack to quickly make announcements to the whole team.
- Sher: Suggesting a 2-hour meeting
- We will wait for the bid forms to return
- For venue bids: priority is accessibility, travel costs
- Malvika: Suggest 6 weeks for venue bids
- Sher: the same parameter will always be under consideration for venue, which may mean the CarpCon is held at relatively the same time

#### Action points

  - Malvika: Blogpost about bidding on theme
  - Bianca, Fotis: Planning for bidding on venue (everyone look through the bid form and debrief to think about modifications)
  - Anne: Getting the website started for next call
  - Everyone: Send Sher possible sponsorships

### Next call

- Our next call, currently planned for Tuesday, February 19th, 2019 at 17:00 GMT (slotted for an hour and half, if need be)
- Next meeting will be chaired by Ouso

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
