
### Date of the meeting: Tuesday, January 22nd, 2019

_**Call #1 Time**: 9 am GMT (San Francisco Tue 01:00, Thessaloniki Tue 11:00, Melbourne, Tue 18:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T11&p1=1428&ah=1))_

_**Call #2 Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
1. Malvika Sharan
2. Silvia Di Giorgio
3. Ouso D.
4. Jessica Upani
5. Fotis Psomopoulos


### Apologies
- 

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - Welcome the new members
  - Discuss the availabilities and the experiences in organizing events of the members
    - Silvia: experience only with workshop organization.
      More or else available (less hours in the beginning and more towards the end)
    - Jessica: has organized a lot of conference, last meeting had 120 people
        Comfortable with all the aspects of organization. She has time at beginning
    - Daniel: â€©I have not had experience with org large conferences, but workshops. 
    The more reason I would love to have a great experience with organizing this one.
    More or less available
    
  - Q&A related to CarpentryCon documents
    - Didn't have time to have a look
    
  - Sher will be the the Staff liaison
    - will have designated time to work on CarpentryCon
    
  - How do we think the TaskForce would like to work/communicate this year?
    - Organizing the tasks properly from the beginning
    - Report progress to the team even though not working together
    - Emails as the main channel of communication
    - Ouso: support the subdivision of the TF into portfolios, 
            as major as they be, then those portfolios have leads and members
   
  - How did we communicate in past?
    (Malvika, Fotis and Sher)
    - 2 calls for two time zones in the beginning
    - Agenda were pre-defined
    - discussions were similar in two calls
    - The summary of the calls were updated on github
    - We had to decide when to have common call (making big decisions like choosing venue etc.)
    - Subtaskforce worked independently but kept the full committee informed by email
    - Staff support came in wherever needed
    - Ideally we will try to figure out where will we need the Staff time to be contributed
    - Other communication channel were Slack 
    
    
  - TaskForce members should discuss off-meeting about how they would like to go on
    - Fotis: Who will chair the TaskForce: spamming people by agenda point, planning meetings and above all email everyone
    - Sher: Someone will have to follow up on the TaskForce calendar
    - Ouso: believe any other form of comms, besides virtual-live meeting, are important, but virtual-live meeting are ultimate
    - Sher: Ideally one call but have to make the meeting efficient
    


#### Action points

Action points

- Ouso will do the poll in the evening call for finding time zone to figure out how to proceed with the meeting
- Malvika will make the Taskforce channel and invite everyone there
- Silvia and jessica will lead the evening call: and add the agenda in the line 122 onward




### Attendees (_Call #2_)
1. Malvika Sharan 
2. Mina Zamani 
3. Gabriel Salubi 
4. Mark Laufersweiler 
5. Anne Fouilloux (may be a bit late as I am teaching until 19pm EEST)
6. Ana Costa Conrado 
7. Bianca Peterson 
8. Silvia Di Giorgio 
9. Sher! 
10. Ouso 
11. Fotis Psomopoulos (might be late) X
12. Jessica Upani 

### Apologies
1. Christina Koch - ARGH, sorry all, I had another scheduled right 
at the top of the hour and forgot about this one.  :((((

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
- Introduction 

    - Silvia: Italian, in germany, PhD researcher
    - Bianca: SA, Post Doc in Pharmaceutics 
    - Gabriel: SA, Post Doc
    - Sher: Staff Liaison, will work closely with us
    - Mark: Uni Oklahoma, Lib, Old Guard, TaskForce 2018
    - Ana: Oslo, Masters in Computation Science, R maintainer DC
    - Ouso: Nairobi, Bioinfo Student
    - Malvika: TF 2018
    - Mina: Iran, Data Scientist, helper
    - Anne: Uni Oslo, teaching duties 
    
- Identify best ways of communication among the TaskForce members

    - Slack, email, 
    - We would aim to make a team effort collectively
    - Finding a time zone will be useful, see below
    - Would this call work for everyone? +1+1
    - Slack does not have to be the primary way to communicate.
    - we have an open CarpentryCon channel for the entire community
    - we created a TF2020 channel where each of you will be invited (it is a close channel)
    - emails and github are the best way probably to communicate.  but we should find the proper way for us
    - we have an email list for the TF members
    - Ouso: Topicbox
    
- Discuss everyone's experience and what they want to get out of organizing the conference.

    - Bianca and Jessica: Have enjoyed organizing the workshop: catering, venue, registration, logistics
    - have a lot of experience and will be able to contribute a lot in navigating
    - Silvia: would like to learn how to organize bigger events
    - Mina: some experience with local organizing
    - Ouso: No prior experience but have organized training workshops, is available to help out
    
- Time commitment

  - Malvika Sharan - on and off 1-2 hrs - would like to do blogging and outreach
  - Mina Zamani - 
  - Gabriel Salubi  (One hour weekly for the next month)
  - Mark Laufersweiler 1 hour
  - Anne Fouilloux  1 hour per week; can commit more towards the end
  - Bianca Peterson X beginning: 1 hour/week (currently still on maternity leave); from March onwards: 2-3 hours/week
  - Silvia Di Giorgio X beginning : 1 hour/week from April on 3 or 4
  - Ouso X at least an hour per week
  - Jessica Upani - 3 to 4 hours per week.
  - Ana Costa Conrado X 2 hours/week until June/July, then more after
  
- Identify possible teams and their responsibilities. (see the acton point)

    - Chairs have to be involved with all the members, emailing, check the progress of the entire team, emailing and taking notes and sharing with everyone
    - We will get help from Sher as a liason but have to think about the time investment carefully
    - Based on the time commitment we will choose 2-3 co-chairs
    
- Debrief document

    - Bianca: got very excited about the debrief document :))) and she has few important points
        - using keywords in the theme: Computation, skill, professional development, upskill
        - Sponsorships: Hard lesson learned: start early, have levels of memberships: see this: https://software.ac.uk/ccmcr19
    - Mark: As did us. we wished to have started about 3-4 months earlier.
    - Ask-me-section on the name badge
    - Anne and Bianca: Would like  to develop website and venue bids

    - Anne: Theme: focus on the new members. It will motivate people and give purpose
    - Malvika and Mark: you have to make finding theme as a recurrent topic of discussion
    - Bianca: Idea for theme: "Computation research at your fingertips: from the classroom to the community"
    
- Discuss possible venue to host the conference (see the action point)   

    - the decision has been postponed to the next meeting 
    

    
#### Action points

  - Malvika: Create a document with all the responsibilities and allow putting time as the time line
  - Everyone should be able to go through the debrief document to understand their responsibility
  - Everyone should be able to think about what they would need in the next venue
  - Malvika will send the template of notes and email for GitHub with the group
  - Silvia will update the notes on GitHub
  - Bianca will send the email for next meeting around in the mailing list



TimeZone Polling; to evaluate the possibility of a single call. Kindly your name and your time zone in GMT. . .

| NAME     |      TIME ZONE(GMT)|
|----------------|--------------|
|Malvika Sharan      |        +1|
|Silvia Di Giorgio   |        +1|
|Ouso D.             |        +3|
|Jessica Upani       |        +2|
|Fotis Psomopoulos   |        +2|
|Christina Koch      |        -6|
|Sateesh Peri        |             
|Mina Zamani         |      +3.5|
|Gabriel Salubi      |        +2|
|Mark Laufersweiler  |        -6|
|Anne Fouilloux      |        +1|
|Ana Costa Conrado   |        +1|
|Bianca Peterson     |        +2|


### Next call

  - keep one call: Tuesday 17 GMT
  - the lead of the discussion will rotate
  - next call: 5th February +1+1+1 +1+1 +1+1+1+1, 17 GMT
  - next chair for the discussion: Bianca

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
