### Date of the meeting: Thursday, August 10
_**Call #1 Time**: 9am EEST (San Francisco Wed 23:00, Thessaloniki Thu 09:00, Melbourne, Thu 16:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20170810T09&p1=1428&ah=1)_

_**Call #2 Time**: 7am Pacific / 17pm EEST  (San Francisco Thu 07:00, Thessaloniki Thu 17:00, Melbourne, Fri 00:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20170810T17&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos
- Belinda Weaver
- Mateusz Kuzak
- Mark Laufersweiler

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos
- Tracy Teal
- Ivo Arrey
- Greg Wilson
- Mark Laufersweiler

### Apologies
- Malvika Sharan


### Update regarding Actions
- (_completed_) Minutes from the board repo have been moved to the [CarpentryCon GitHub repository](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon).
- (_completed_) A Google Form from the [Bid Template](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/BidTemplate.md) has been prepared and is up for discussion, available [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15MwQIucsR3H13QTNBmVHqUzlx201olldBNtxZV_ExsU/edit?usp=drive_web)
- (_in progress_) Put information on the [potential sponsors list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JT7QHlHOirv0rRYcCGwRcDYuoJkBwrfaqqDvqJLxcSA/edit#gid=0)
- (_in progress_) Add comments on the three documents ([Topics and Themes](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/TopicsThemes.md) and [Draft Agenda](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/CarpentryConAgendaIdeas.md)) as issues in the [CarpentryCon GitHub repository](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon).

### Discussion points (_Call #1)_:

1) __Discussion on the Google Form Bid__

* Reviewed all sections in the form.
* Add comment during participant registration: "_Would you require childcare? If yes, would you be willing to pay for a portion of it?_"
* "_Will there be local organizational support?_": Need feedback from participants in Call #2

2) __On the Upcoming Community Call on CarpentryCon__
* Questions for the Community Call
  - At minimum it will be a two-day event, with an evening banquet (two or three days?).  Have people comment on the plan.
  - These are our ideas on topics - what is your feedback on that?
  - Hear what people would think CarpentryCon should be about (esp. regarding breakout sessions).
  - What do you want people to do? How can we identify what we can have people do. Would you be interested to act as chairs?

### Discussion points (_Call #2)_:

Form looks good and comprehensive. Idea is that the [Google Form Bid](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15MwQIucsR3H13QTNBmVHqUzlx201olldBNtxZV_ExsU/edit?usp=drive_web) will be filled out by people on the organizing committee for **San Sebastian** and **Heidelberg**.

Others may also be interested, and we will announce the open bid at the CarpentryCon Community Call (Thursday 17th, 2017) and answer questions there. The messaging will be _"If you're interested in hosting, fill out this form or get in touch with Fotis or Malvika for more information."_

#### Expected Timeline

_What is the timeline for accepting bids until?_
_When will we make a decision by?_

Timeline aiming for mid-May - mid June as this is the most convenient period for attracting more participants.
1. Everything should be finished by January 2018
2. If we don't have a signed contract on venue by **December 31st 2017, the event should be cancelled**
3. We should have finalized the **Venue** and **Dates** by **September 2017** (at the very least down to a couple)
4. Venue and Sponsors should be dealt with within September, October and November


#### Discussion on the upcoming community call:

_Draft Agenda_

Start with an overview of CarpentryCon
- Theme: _"Building Locally, Connecting Globally"_ (Have a short paragraph description - create a Google doc for the organizing committee to put some text together)
- length and general proposed format 2,1/2 days, one full track + BoF + unconference
  - At minimum it will be a two-day event, with an evening banquet (two or three days?).
  - Have people comment on the plan.
- we are going to have BOFs / break out groups.
- These are our ideas on topics
  - what is your feedback on that?
  - Hear what people would think CarpentryCon should be about (esp. regarding breakout sessions).
- we will have need-based travel support for the conference
- we're working on virtual ways to participate in the conference
- _venue_: Open bidding process. We have identified two already. This is the bidding process

What do you want people to do? How can we identify what we can have people do. Would you be interested to act as chairs?

One of the things expected to be asked: when will it be?

_Open Discussion_
- Propose a BoF you want to run or one you would like to see by creating an issue. (_seed a few issues in the repo before the call_). Proposing BoFs as issues (repo) adding as issues on the GitHub repo
- Concerns for the conference?
- Cost?
  - If there are training sessions at CarpentrCon, it may be easier to address costs (as professional development)? (good question for the CarpentryCon call)
- will there be virtual ways to participate?

- **Major priority for the call:**
  - What would you be most excited to see at the conference?
  - what are people expecting CarpentryCon to have?

### Action points:

1. Need a written description of the conference (half a page before the community call) (_Fotis_)
2. Update issues on GitHub, so each issue will be a BoF suggestion (similar to the [rOpenSci unconf](https://github.com/ropensci/unconf17/issues/)) (_Fotis_)
3. After the August 17th Community Call, we should aim to have a one-pager description on the CarpentrCon to use towards attracting funding.
  - What is it that we are offering sponsors?
  - other conferences - what is their price for a booth 'SciPy', 'PyData', other ideas
  - likely need to know what else they need
4. After the Community Call (August 17th), _Belinda_ will write a blog post about CarpentryCon in order to put the word out.
5. After the Community Call (August 17th), open up the Google Form Bid for potential venues.
