### Date of the meeting: Thursday, November 30th
_**Call #1 Time**: 9am EEST (San Francisco Wed 23:00, Thessaloniki Thu 09:00, Brisbane Thu 16:00, Melbourne Thu 17:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20171130T09&p1=1428&ah=1)_

_**Call #2 Time**: 7am Pacific / 17pm EEST (San Francisco Thu 07:00, Thessaloniki Thu 17:00, Brisbane midnight, Melbourne Fri 01:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20171130T17&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
- Mateusz Kuzak (@matkuzak)
- Belinda Weaver @cloudaus
- SherAaron Hurt
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- SherAaron Hurt
- Danielle Quinn
- Tracy Teal (@tracykteal)

### Apologies
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan) - (on holidays in India) will share a few points via email

### Update regarding Actions

- Norman with Malvika submitted a grant proposal to UCD for 2500E for supporting CarpentryCon.
- Norman is also in contact with Wellcome Trust for CarpentryCon support (~2000E).
- There is a rough budget of the event, including potential sponsorship tiers.
  - up to discussion
- Have a list of invited / keynote speakers
  - need to narrow down to 4.

### Discussion points (_both calls_):

This is a list of outstanding questions (put together by Belinda) that should be clarified as soon as possible.

1. **Budget**

    There is currently a [draft budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DkrWk0xBXr3IPzNn-8Snix13_xVqheZUYzKMyOR8A_4/edit#gid=0) - however, important things may have been overlooked and figures are all notional **so please comment**.
    - Industry companies that are **not** non-profit or education based (who are not a partner) we charge them more money (~ 2x).
    - Aspiring to have a **$0 registration** but will not be able to know until we have a concrete idea of the level of funding by sponsors.
    - **Fully funded students**: and objective approach would be to adhere to the following requirements: (a) be in a low income country and (b) be a student, plus a detailed letter explaining the reasons why no funding is available and how attending CarpentryCon will benefit the student.

2. **Sponsors**

  - _Who are we approaching?_

    The previous list of potential sponsors is available [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JT7QHlHOirv0rRYcCGwRcDYuoJkBwrfaqqDvqJLxcSA/edit)
      - Mateusz will look into how to handle Elixir sponsorship (_Q: is there any conflict with de.NBI sponsorship?_)

  - _From when?_

    tbd

  - _Who will identify most likely contact at each organisation?_

    The Carpentries staff.

  - _Who contacts them to ask for support?_

    If there is some personal contact, initiate directly; otherwise send to carpentries staff

  - _Different approach for commercial/nonprofits?_

    Belinda will create a document to create letters with the difference

  - _Who is the “payee” who will receive and disburse funds?_

    Sher, Tracy and Belinda will be meeting on 11/30 to identify how the staff will operate within CarpentryCon. Also, we need to clear with CI how dispersement of funds.

3. **Sponsorship tiers** (_these are currently listed in the [draft budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DkrWk0xBXr3IPzNn-8Snix13_xVqheZUYzKMyOR8A_4/edit#gid=0)_)
 - **_Sponsorship tiers should be finalized by the end of this week (have them ready by December 4th)_**. Here is an [example of OpenCon's sponsor tiers](http://www.opencon2017.org/sponsor).

 - _Who do they pay?_

    tbd

  - _If they want to negotiate amounts, then who is the point person for that?_

    tbd

  - _General sponsorship/volunteer_

    [Sponsor and volunteer form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSedlt68CXVmyVJ4DEI8P9nfAXhGYbTHA9YgFQYomXjzzZDJOg/viewform) -
[Editable version](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1plby1czqCn98hSczzZ7lzNbCRNxp_RidIZpjpu54m_I/edit)

    This kind of form worked very well in attracting sponsor money and volunteers for ResBaz 2017. The people who responded to the sponsor request were not from companies we approached so it is a way of widening the net for dollars.
        - **_Yes/no?_**

4. **Timeline**

  - To finalize tiers: by end of this week (have them ready by December 4th)
  - For registration:
    - **opens** on January 15th 2018
    - **early bird cut-off** Friday 16th February
    - **last-minute starts** Monday, April 30th
    - **registrations close** Friday, May 18th
  - **To apply for travel scholarships**
    - tbd
  - To finalize speakers:
    - voting by end of next week. Each member votes for max 4 names
  - To finalize program (without names/content of breakout sessions)
    - Friday, December 15th
    - A [draft of the program has been in place](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/CarpentryConAgendaIdeas.md) but not finalized.
    - Ask people to select what type of workshops they would like to attend
    - Hands-on workshops will run twice (i.e. repeated) to give people an opportunity to attend more, as they generally have a greater takeaway.
    - Having a **poster session** will allow students to showcase their work and therefore make a more convincing argument to advisors as to how attendance of the Conference is of value (exposition of their work at the international/global level, plus professional development/computational training).
      - An additional point would be to include a Networking Fair (reminiscent of a Career Fair), i.e. provide the opportunity for students to meet with industry professionals
    - Workshop topic: Strategies for how you code and how to code

5. **Registration**

    **Types**: We need to finalize types and fee charged for each type - see [budget for proposed values](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DkrWk0xBXr3IPzNn-8Snix13_xVqheZUYzKMyOR8A_4/edit#gid=0)

6. **Keynote speakers**

  - _How many?_

    4 keynote speakers:
      2 from outside of the CarpentryCon (all expenses covered) and 2 within CarpentryCon (waive registration, but they cover everything else)

  - _How to select?_

    Through voting; each member votes for max 4 nominations. However, we need to ensure that the list is inclusive and there are no gaps. **The taskforce will be asked to review the list and ensure sufficient inclusion and diversity**.

  - _Other program – who is to decide?_

    This is [OpenCon program](http://www.opencon2017.org/program) - they had an app called `sched`.

7. **Travel scholarships**

  - _What is the rubric for who gets what?_

    tbd. Someone needs also to oversee the sponsorship travel process to ensure it is genuine.

  - _How many will we award?_

    Currently, [USD 30,000 have been budgeted](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DkrWk0xBXr3IPzNn-8Snix13_xVqheZUYzKMyOR8A_4/edit#gid=0); enough/too much/too little?

8. **CarpentryCon website**

  - _Build off the new merged Carpentries website? Or where?_
    it will happen just need to discuss where it is - this is the current draft of the new [Carpentries site](https://weaverbel.github.io/draft-site/). An option would be to create now a website for CarpentryCon based on [CSV Conf](https://csvconf.com/). However, we will focus now on having a Carpentries + CarpentryCon website completed by mid January 2018.


9. **Poster competition**

    - Will we do it?
      - Belinda will start on this
    - Do we need a CC logo?
      - Danielle prepared a first round of ideas for a logo [**here**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HaszY3VsRDIX8SdERulhbFBpMyLPkvlZ/view?usp=sharing) - ideas and feedback are more than welcome. Any size / colour / font / adjustments are possible, hoping these might help us find a jumping-off point, and Danielle will be happy to go in whatever direction people think!



### Action points:

- [ ] Identify items to put into sponsorship packet.
- [ ] Finalize Speakers.
- [ ] Finalize Agenda.
- [ ] Develop a packet for students to share with external funding (_Danielle to assist with this information_).


### Expected Timeline

- **December 4th**: Have final sponsorship tiers. Start communication with sponsors.
- **December 15th**: Have a draft schedule/agenda of event.
- **December 15th**: Finalize 4 speakers, after review and feedback from the TF, and reach out for invitations.
- **Mid January**:  Have a Carpentries + CarpentryCon website complete


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Thursday, December 28th

**Call #1**:  [9am EEST (_San Francisco Wed 23:00, Thessaloniki Thu 09:00, Brisbane Thu : 17.00 Melbourne, Thu 18:00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20171228T09&p1=1428&ah=1)

**Call #2**: [7am Pacific / 17pm EEST  (_San Francisco Thu 07:00, Thessaloniki Thu  17:00, Brisbane midnight, Melbourne, Fri 01:00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20171228T17&p1=1428&ah=1)
