### Date of the meeting: Thursday, May 24th 2018
Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180524T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

- Malvika
- Belinda
- Fotis
- Tracy
- Sher!
- Mark
- Ivo


### Minutes

Quick check: Peter Steinbach's ticket number is #738735035, need to confirm! - DONE
- We have a few people listed to give a talk or present poster but have not yet registered.
- Belinda will reach out to them

#### Day-0 meet-up
  - taskforce meetup at the location at 15:00
  - Other volunteers join at 16:00

#### Updates

**Updates from Malvika:**
  - Accessibility and session form: 80 responses, can extrapolate it for other 25 people
  - Need help in assigning sessions (data is parsable from the [registration form](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11mrvABd6quiYg7eH81Hir9-uOuyku9EXCCY_QdUcmn4/edit#gid=461023231))
  - Catering: all set for conference: Pi (sent the final quote), I will share the dietary requirements with them after the call
    - also for the conference dinner: will negotiate if we can go ahead without any advance payment
    - Ask Pi to send their contract

  - AV: all set: CAVS - do we have three laptops for presenters to use for slides at each session - we should leave the [sponsor slide](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/Sessions/CarpentryConSponsors.pdf) up whenever no one is presenting. We will have one computer in the auditorium. We can use speaker's laptop, else I will bring mine to connect to the podium.
  - CoC: text decided with the committee members and shared with Belinda - now on the [second slide](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/Sessions/CarpentryConSponsors.pdf). Awesome work Belinda :)
  - Documents updated: Volunteers, program, venue, AtoZ, welcome team
  - Venue: accessible a day before for checking out and putting the signage, reception desk available
    - Extra room: only for Wed and Thursday

**Updates from Belinda:**
  - Belinda will bring printed lists of the many icebreaker groups and I have printed all the signs for the 23 groups (with animals!)
    - I have printed 125 copies of the program and will bring those with me
    - I will print lists for people to find their icebreaker groups and will also put the info on a slide
-   I have uploaded both [linked](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/Sessions/CarpentryCon2018Program.pdf) and [printable](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/Sessions/PrintableProgram.pdf) PDF versions of the program to GitHub repo
  - I have emailed poster presenters, keynote speakers and lightning talk people today
  - Two Friday workshop tickets sold!

  - Need to share the following with Mary beth:
    - a list of exhibitors (Sher?): 6 exhibition desk
    - number of underage children: 9 and 11 year old, both will have their siblings to look after, - one infant (accessibility form) only for the dinner: no nursing area, no childcare
    - Check area in CarpentryCon for children to hangout

**Signage**
  - for directions, rooms, helpdesk, speaker badge, travel grant, icebreaker activity etc  - wonder whether people will sit on floor for story circles???
  - We will print multiple copies of [this](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/taskforce_misc/signage_to_write_on.pdf)
  - We will put them around on Wednesday before the pre-conf event
  - Can someone print these and bring along 30-40 copies?
    - We can print it in Dublin but we will have to pay.
    - How are we handling such costs? Email copies of receipts to Elizabeth Williams?? Tracy can say.
  -We need to decide on official conference hashtag - we have been using **#CarpentryCon2018**, and we should tag **@CarpentryCon**: This is what we have listed [everywhere and emailed about](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/CarpentryCon_Cheatsheet.md).

**Poster boards**
  - Rented 10 double sided boards for the entire conference period: 380 Euros
  - When its not the poster session, we will use them for the exhibitions (Job board, Wish list, Carpentries info board, Volunteer board, Event board, World Map etc.)
  - I will buy required materials such as canvas and poster pins in Dublin, please let me know if something more will be required

**A gift for each Keynote speaker**
  - As token of thanks
  - Book? Book voucher (Amazon)? A goodie bag? Something more thoughtful? We now have more budget ! Yay!
  - t-shirt
    - Books: check in Dublin

**State of The Carpentries talk**
  - how long and in the auditorium or the foyer? Tracy said about 10-15 mins for her talk.
    - We have listed it in [Auditorium](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/program/Day-1.md).
  - Poster Reception: 6:00-8:00 pm
    - Opening of the session including The State of the Carpentries Address by Tracy Teal, Executive Director, The Carpentries at George Moore Auditorium
    - Poster session at the Foyer

**Other**
  - Printing for session chairs / communication with session chairs: yes
  - Wear t-shirts on Wednesday ? yes
  - Ivo's visa? - haven't got it yet, hoping to get it on Tuesday.


### Next call

**Next meeting**: [CarpentryCon](http://www.carpentrycon.org/)
